'm fine..can we just go inside?" He asked. "Stop caring about me...I'm nothing...stop being so nice." Fred nodded and Dragged Theo in, George followed as Theo sighed in relief at the heat. He was still coughing but not as bad. George Kept looking at Him with a worried look. "I'm fine." Theo reassured as they Dragged him to the kitchen, Theo couldn't help but notice How messy and friendly the house was. "Mom!! He's here!" Fred Yelled and Theo jumped a little from the sudden noise. Then he saw A woman with red hair looking at him with apron on. "Oh Fred, George...is this your boyfriend, oh I heard so much about you!"She said. Theo blushed and stammered out "Y-yeah.. nice t-to meet you." He smiled shyly as he stood close to The twins as they both kissed his cheek. "Oh that amazing! What's your name dear?" She asked as The kitchen bexams more crowed as A bunch of other red heads flocked in, Theo could tell which one was Ron, he was the kid always with Harry, and Ginny, Rom's younger sister. Theo felt like a caged animal as The father, he could only tell cause he was the oldest looking patted his back and Theo cussed a little and Fred looked at him. There was way to much sound and movement going on for the Only son Of Samuel Nott and he tried not to scream. "Dearie, what's your name?" The Mom said- Molly...Theo knew she said her name he just couldn't remember when- as Every one looked at him. Theo Felt like his heart was gonna burst. "They can tell who I am..they can see the scars.. they're gonna hate me" Theo took a deep breath and said quietly "Theodore Nott..." At once he could feel the haterd shot at him, hitting him in the heart like a knife as He realized that He wouldn't be allowed to stag here. The kid with the glasses-Percy opened his mouth And before he could Fred said "Mom is it okay If Theo goes to our room? He's pretty tired." Molly took one look at him and nodded as Theo Grew pale. "Stop it...they hate me.... just leave me." Theo thought As George Led him to his room keeping his arm wrapped around Theo's waist. He opened their bedroom door and Theo sat on the bed and Groaned. "They hate me...." he said. George Shook is head. "That's not it... they just... ya know?" Theo looked at Him and said "yeah they hate me... and it seems like they can see right through me..." George sat next to him and Pulled him close As Theo coughed. He could hear yelling from downstairs and Covered Theo's ears. Theo Closed his eyes and a shot time later Fred walked in. George Looked at him as He sat On the other side of Theo and kissed his brother. "So I told them off,  I told them to show some respect." He said calmly,George looked at him and nodded as he ran a hand though Theo's umber hair. "Is he sleeping..?" Fred Nodded and said "I can see it." George Looked at him as Fred pulled Theo's jacket away from his skinny frame and George then noticed the Brusie sticking out. His heart started to race as he looked at his brother, who looked Just as mad as He felt. "This was the one place we wanted him to feel safe." Fred sighed as George kissed Theo's head and Theo stirred and said "I didn't do it." Fred laughed and stood up. "Come on guys." George followed and Theo rubbed his eyes and then Fixed his jacket. Fred eyes were locked on him as Theo coughed again. He was starting to regret Tackling the boy in the snow...atfer all Theo got sick so easily. Fred and George grubbed one of their Small lover hands and pulled him down stairs laughing. "Guys- don't pull- slow down!" Theo yelped. He rolled his eyes and almost tripped but Fred Then threw him over his shoulder. Theo blushed and said "H-hey!" George Looked at him. "Ya know Fred, he looks cute like this." Fred smirked as he walked into The living room and Set Theo down, who Hid behind Him and George frowned. Percy didn't look happy and nor did Their father. "So... Um...your sons are nice." Theo said to make some sound. Arthur nodded and Theo coughed. "Fred? Is He alright?" Molly asked. "Huh? Oh yeah Mom!" George yelled back and they both snickered. Theo looked confused but didn't say anything as Fred Hugged him and put his chin on his head. Percy glared and Fred had enough. "Percy stop glaring! Your just jealous our boyfriend could come over!" He snapped and Percy rolled his eyes