him drained.

When Draco started doing what he’s doing, he thought the procedures would be the hard part; and they were, because for a long time he didn’t know if they were possible (but he dug through piles of books and it was, it is, and he has to do something to fight the nightmares, even if they’re never going to let him go)..  But it’s what comes before, the three pre-consultations that the Ministry insisted upon – that Draco himself insists upon – as a condition of him opening up business.

Nott was right; he doesn’t need the money.  If he did need it, there were most probably a myriad of different, easier (less painful) ways of getting it.

Maybe this is penance, he remembers thinking to himself after the seventh enraged attempt to kill him left Draco with strangulation marks around his neck (and he could have healed them but he didn’t).

But-

Suddenly, the wards sing out, humming through his veins; not in warning, and so after the initial shock Draco lets himself relax into the couch, feeling the fire soak into his skin.

“Winky!” he shouts out, request (no more commands, to no one, ever) implicit as he tries to figure out just who would be here at this time.


No more patients, not as far as I know – Blaise came by last month so he won’t be around  for three more – and…


He clamps down on that last because Draco hasn’t seen his father in two years and nothing’s changed

(and isn’t that always the problem?)

Hush, he tells himself, pushing himself to his feet as Winky opens the door to his private living room.

“Mr Malfoy, sir, it is Miss Hermione Granger who wishes to see you, sir,”

He falls back onto the couch.

 

~~~~~

 

In retrospect, he shouldn’t be so surprised.

But he is, because he can’t understand how they’ve gotten from a slap in third year to this, five years after the old world ended and the new began, as gut-wrenchingly tedious and brutal as before.

(Where this means sitting across the small dining table that Draco has in one of the many rooms in his wing of the Manor, tentatively and awkwardly mouthing at food that Hermione Granger has cooked for him.)

(He doesn’t know whether to be more surprised at the fact that he’s eating Granger’s cooking, or the fact that it’s good, some sort of rolled-up lasagne that he’s too afraid to ask the name of.)

She makes a small sound, a cough or something that seems more an attempt to dispel the thick, repressive silence than a genuine need to clear her throat, and Draco barely restrains himself from flinching.

“This is good,” he tries feebly.

Granger smiles, slight but sincere.

“You don’t have to lie,” she says softly.  He didn’t realise it back in the street the night before, but now he does; her voice has changed, lost its arrogance (confidence) and fervour, become quiet in a sense that doesn’t change with volume.  “I’m not a particularly good cook,” she continues, and her lips quirk before the smile falls away altogether.  “Ron used to…”

Shifting in his seat uncomfortably, Draco racks his mind for something to say to that – but before he manages to come up with anything, she shakes her head.

“Thank you for last night.”

He shrugs, taking advantage of the mouthful of food in his mouth to give him time to think up a response.  “No problem,” he settles for.  “I was in the area.”

Draco winces almost as soon as he says that – over-casual at best, crass at worse – but she laughs slightly.  “You’re not going to ask why?”

Why what is painfully obvious; not just why she was being attacked, but why she couldn’t Disapparate, why someone had tattooed binding symbols onto her collarbone with raw magic.

For lack of anything better to do, he shrugs again.  “It doesn’t matter, Granger.  Eight on one isn’t fair, and they didn’t look like Aurors.”

(Not that that means anything anymore.)

“Thank you, Malfoy.”  It’s the first time she’s used his name since the last time they met, a year ago.  “And it’s Hermione,” she adds, almost as an after-thought.

Draco looks up to meet Grange- Hermione’s eyes across the table, warm and hazel.  He doesn’t realise he’s staring till he finds himself comparing her eyelashes to those of her dreamself – with a start, he looks away.

“No problem,” he mutters again, taking another bite of the food.  It doesn’t feel like it’s enough, so “and Draco, please.”

The silence stretches, but it’s not quite as uncomfortable as before