of it, and they would be lucky to come out of it all alive no matter which side won.

Class was dismissed, and Draco packed away his things quickly, falling into step beside Perseus as they slipped out into the corridor.

"Shall we get this over with?" Before dinner, yes. So that after dinner, he and Perseus could go to the library and read and not have to stop to do their work.

He felt his mouth compress, and a headache coming on. "Might as well. We've plenty of other things to keep us occupied for today." Playing both sides was nerve wracking, and Draco could admit that he was high strung about it. Who wouldn't be? Just thinking about playing both sides was making him nervous. Still, they slipped out, and started up out of the dungeons, weaving in and out of clots of other students. Not too fast, not too slow, just a pace that wouldn't draw any attention to them. It wasn't as if they didn't have classes in areas other than the dungeons, anyway. Surely no one could find any particular fault with them being in the upper levels of the castle, although considering bloody Gryffindors, they would certainly try.

The mass of students thinned out as they got closer to the portion of the castle they were seeking, and quieter, which made Draco relax. He really wasn't sure to do with all of those people anymore where before he would've pressed through them with no hesitation at all. "I think I know what section of the library we need to look in."

"With our luck, you're about to say the Restricted Section. I still have a note from Professor Snape allowing me into it, but I sincerely doubt it'll work anymore." The professor had been aware of his father's much more extensive library, and that Draco had been taught from the time he could toddle about what he mustn't touch.

Perseus exhaled. "Well, there went that idea, then. Doubt we'll get any such note from Slughorn." Slughorn was suspicious of the members of his house, afraid of the Dark Lord's return, afraid of a lot of things. He seemed to have his suspicions about Draco and Perseus as well.

Then again, who didn't? Blaise was still spending most of his nights in various Slytherin beds other than his own, but it was clear that he understood they'd been Marked. Vincent and Gregory had made remarks that implied they knew, as well, and everyone in Slytherin House walked carefully around them despite the general knowledge of the Malfoy family's disgrace. "Well, what you can't get..." Draco began, shrugging.

He wasn’t even sure how they all knew it, but Perseus hadn't said, had generally played things close to his chest on that account. Still, to be Marked and Slytherin was granted a certain distance and respect from the other house members. They were left alone, which was how Draco needed, wanted to be. "Steal." Perseus sighed, taking Draco down a corridor. "I think we're being followed."

Draco didn't turn or glance behind them. It wasn't as if he had to, in all honesty, and his mouth compressed tightly. "Well, he's going to be a bloody bother, but I doubt we can do anything about it." One never could where Potter was concerned, even if Draco wanted more than anything to kick him in the face.

"Are you ever just tempted to stop and wave hello at him?" Perseus asked, a bare whisper as he leaned in to Draco and they turned another corner.

He couldn't help the snort he gave in response before breathing a reply. "What, and give him heart failure? Potter would see wickedness in a Slytherin if we were working at a soup kitchen." If the Slytherin in question was his aunt, then it seemed entirely likely that Potter wouldn't be wrong, either.

Draco could certainly see her cooking Muggles and serving them at a soup kitchen, rather than just serving them. "Still. I'm tempted." He didn't, though, not this time, and instead they made their way up to the headmaster's gargoyle.

A whispered password got them inside, the gargoyle hopping out of the way as if they had been expected. He honestly wasn't surprised to feel an invisible brush of air against his back, and he stiffened, glancing at Perseus from the corner of his eyes. Surely it wouldn't be ill-done to knock Potter over so that he fell back down the stairs.

Perseus rolled his eyes as they kept up the stairs, shaking his head. "Headmaster?"

"Ahhh. Mr. Averis. And I see you have brought Mr. Malfoy with you, as well."

The old man looked bloody awful, like he was liable to fall over dead from where he sat. Perhaps it would be easier to kill him than it had