younger male replied with a grin and they both slowly got up.

Both their robes were covered in dust all over.

“I think we might need to check out the size of our bathtub now,” Harry said into Tom’s ear slyly and began undressing him with a mischievous grin on his face.

 

*

Harry woke up in the middle of the night, unable to feel his legs. He was absolutely freezing.

“Tom, give me back some of the cover,” he whined, trying to pull it back over himself, to no avail. His lover was wrapped up in the cover like a thick cocoon and wouldn’t budge.

He looked at the clock beside him, it was 5 am. He groaned and got out of bed. Maybe a hot chocolate would warm him up a bit and then he could try to pry the cover off Tom without waking him. Disrupting the Slytherin’s sleep was equal to having a death wish, so he had no desire to do that.

The kitchen was a mess. How had they managed to pile up so many dishes in two days? They had both been busy… Tom was working two shifts each day and Harry was teaching Quidditch at the newly founded Institute for the Education of Young Muggleborns. The brats were incorrigible. They didn’t listen; they had no coordination in their play and no will to learn. It left Harry completely beat each day and doing any housework was the last thing on his mind. Tom usually came back after Harry was asleep so they barely even got to see each other.

He mixed the hot chocolate with milk, his eyes dull and unfocused. He was really tired. If he went back to bed now, he’d be late for work later, since he had to leave at half past 7 to get there on time. The anti-apparition wards around the grounds of the Institute, made it impossible to get there easily.

“Harry?” sounded Tom’s sleepy voice from the bedroom. “What are you doing?”

“I couldn’t sleep because someone stole the whole cover for himself,” Harry glared at his lover accusingly, going back through to their room.

“Well, get in here and go back to sleep. You’re making too much noise in the kitchen,” Tom grumbled. “I can’t sleep when you’re not here.”

Harry froze. He wasn’t sure if he’d heard that correctly. After a minute of contemplation, he smirked to himself. Tom had said it, although he would probably deny it to his dying day. But Harry had heard it and really, he couldn’t even stay mad about waking up from the cold anymore. He climbed back into bed and allowed his lover to drape his arms over him. Delicious warmth spread through his body and he snuggled closer, to feel Tom’s chest rising up and down in calm motions.

 

*

 

“Harry, how many times do I have to ask you to do the dishes?” Tom asked with annoyance, ruining his perfect, lazy, late Saturday morning.

“You can do it, you’re better at cleaning spells than me anyway,” Harry whined, turning his face back into the comfy pillow.

“Perhaps, but I, unlike you, work two jobs so we can live somewhat comfortably. I don’t have the time-“ Tom started and Harry groaned.

“I already do all the tidying and the laundry!”

“Yeah, but you also spend more time here.”

“I’m not your bloody housewife, Tom!” Harry huffed and turned away. A few minutes later, he heard Tom slam the door, leaving without saying bye.

“Hmph,” he curled up in the covers, trying to fend off the fast approaching guilt for taking out his frustration on Tom.

His lover didn’t return until really late, when Harry was starting to worry. Tom had a tendency to stir up trouble when he was angry…

Harry spent most of the afternoon pacing around the room nervously and fire calling his friends to ask for advice on what to do. Ron was useless, as always. Emotional range of a teaspoon, as Hermione succinctly stated after hearing what advice he had tried to give Harry.

She was a much better listener for all his worries and said to occupy himself with something until Tom got back, then simply apologise and talk it out.

Harry knew it was reasonable, but… she has never seen Tom when he was angry. He was downright murderous when something didn’t go his way. When he got like that, it was difficult for even Harry to placate him without risk of injury.

He sighed heavily. All he could do now was to sit and wait.

*

 

Tom’s anger had now been reduced to a slow simmer. He could never really stay angry at Harry for too long. He was on his way back from dishing out some punishment to his misbehaving followers, which, admittedly, helped relieve a lot of his stress.

He… almost felt bad for storming out of their flat in the morning. Harry had been unreasonable, but