sighed.

"Isn't there another way to do this like civilized beings? A good old duel to the death?" A beat later Draco dropped unconscious to the floor. "Well. That was easy."

Ziggy halted him with a reluctant noise and said, "Draco Lucius Malfoy has begun his trial. Now sip."

Is it really worth touching a rim that has borne the kiss of a Malfoy? Of course, he would have felt the same had it been Narcissa. Some blood is tainted. On the other hand… His mind made up, he said so that all in the vault could hear him, "Let it not be said that a Potter-Black should refuse to walk where a Malfoy has not so graciously gone before." And he took a swig, the sour, diffusive, coppery taste strong on the tongue and hard down the gullet.


How do vampires get off on this?


Any further sass that he'd had in mind faltered. The vault wavered. He laid a steadying hand upon the desk, seeing double - the surly master-goblin, and a scene of some far away gloomy English day. "Uh." He said intelligibly.

"Awaken, or forfeit. The Grail shall answer if you do not."

Harry sank to his knees, grip still present upon the desk yet quickly slipping, until he had fallen to his rump with his gaze panning up to the swaying lanterns. He could just make out the conversation growing around him as a part of his mind fell away into long centuries past, while another part of his fading thoughts kept his tongue from lolling out the side of his mouth and stopped his eyes from closing.

And then he lost track of the latter.

With a sound like a muggle train-wreck, Harry snapped back into awareness in the middle of a forgotten English field surrounded by hundreds of medieval soldiers in arms shouting war cries. Full iron plate and steel crashed together, maces, war hammers and shields colliding like an orchestra from hell.

Harry clapped his hands to his ears with a curse that would have made Sirius' proud. "What in the name of Morgana's everlasting rack is going on?"

Several variations involving the remainder of her lovely figure followed as he rolled aside of a handful of knights locked quite literally at the hip and still pummeling each other brutally. Blood leaked like a sieve through mail and ran in thick rivulets down the outside of battered joints, splashing loose with each ringing thud.

Harry's eyes leapt around the violent battlegrounds for a chance to get to his feet and get away. It took him several more moments of narrowly dodging on his hands and knees and, at last, being partially trampled by a pair of yowling jousters, before he remembered that he was a wizard. He closed his eyes and rolled on the spot, feeling that welcome, crushing clutch of Disapparition squeezing him through a pinprick of reality over the literal crushing sensation of iron boots undauntedly stamping his ribs apart. A moment later he could breath again as he reappeared in a grassy plane only a little removed from the brunt of the clashing.

He sat up with a grimace. This was no time to be ginger about the bruising and worse now spanning generously underneath his shirt, as a quick pat down proved he had nothing poking through where it did not belong and everything still attached where it should have been. A shard of splintered wood the size of a Quaffle spun through the air and gouged out the dirt only inches from his left hand as a reminder that this was no place to be for a comparably speaking, naked wizard.

"What did I get myself into now?" He patted his jeans down and with triumph found his wand holster still tucked away just where he had left it, following Igh'rhuuk's orders in the lobby of Gringotts. And like another train barreling through his brain, he remembered what had lead up to this unfortunate set of circumstances. "Oh you son of a Quintaped, Ziggy," he bit off as he scrambled away from another piece of shrapnel and snapped the holster into place around his right forearm. The supple leather conformed comfortably into place, ready for the correct amount of tension and intent to eject eleven inches of holly and phoenix feather into his awaiting palm.

Finding his feet as the knights continued to bash each other senseless, Harry circled far around them, then began to sight the surroundings for more information. No sign of two particular commanders in charge, or even much in the way of camps, which he assumed meant that the opposing forces had marched and decided to commence battle at once.

No trace of Draco skewered on the end of a pike, more's the pity.

As he examined the dismal landscape further outward, a glint of silver off of a decent knoll to the... north-west, he approximated, caught his eye. Aha. Two horseback men ensconced in unsullied, glistening armor sat there observing the bloody chaos taking place below. Only the taller of the two wore a crown, which meant a noble of some sort. The banners flapping in the cloudy breeze at their backs gave him a moment's hesitation.

"