preferable to the female senses than armpit and crotch sweat, or so he’d been told on most occasions.   The sleepy little village felt peaceful, few lights still lit in the windows he passed, while he was wide awake and rarin’ to go, and a wicked smile played about his lips as he thought, She may be in bed, but she won’t be asleep this soon. We both expected the match to go on much longer.  Thus, as he came upon the newly renovated Potter household, the idea filled him to surprise his would-be-wife and proceed to ravish her to within an inch of their lives.  He shrunk both bottles then and slid them into a pocket, a quick, whispered sticking- and silencing charm muting any clinking that could occur. He checked to be sure the perimeter klaxon remained primed around the household and carefully toed his way through it, nudging this way and that past the wards using the field experience acquired during his brief stint as a curse breaker under Bill's guidance several years ago. In no time at all he was on his merry way, door gliding silently shut at his back, tiptoeing past the stairs to the upper floor and the bedroom adjacent it, and through the doorway into the kitchen.  He added two shrunken wine glasses, a bottle of powdered cherries and can of cream from the pantry, and a dish towel for cleaning up afterward into his pockets. Then he made his way around to the remodeled first floor bedroom, alohamora’d the bedroom door and swung it open, beaming, only to stop dead in his tracks at the sight that greeted him.  Ginny sat on the edge of their bed in her soft pink nightie, a gradually filling bucket between her spread legs, her hands wrapped around the finest set of udders he had ever seen on a feathered cow. “Oh!” she exclaimed between motions. The cow mooed distressingly, turning a shapely head that contoured more toward the avian than the grass-eater. Hard fiery blue eyes glared at him.   “Is that…" a magical cow in our bedroom at a quarter to eleven, what kind of secret kink is this? He decided against blurting that out and asked instead, "... what is going on?”  Ginny's nimble fingers resumed action, tugging on the fat udders. The cow mooed again rather moodily. "I know you weren't expecting company, Harry. But she found me at the hospital at the end of my shift and I couldn't just leave her there, not after the ceremony." Nonplussed at the situation, all he could do was stand there watching. She squeezed, another rich burst of milk gushing into the already too full bucket, and as a result over splash dashed across her pale legs from mid-thigh to ankle.   "Oh. Dear, won't you lend a hand?" Ginny reached down to wipe carelessly at the glistening milk with her fingertips, edge of her nightie jumping with the movement.  Harry felt his pulse do a little jig. Thank Merlin this isn't some mad fetish. This isn't the norm and I can get clearer answers later. "Sure thing, Gin," he said.  He took out the towelette in one hand and his wand in the other, a few choice spells loosening his belt and slinging it over the nightstand. He vanished the contents of the bucket without much concern for where exactly it went. Then he knelt down, passed his fiancee the cloth, and took the nearest weeping teat into hand.  Ginny knew how to play her audience. She spread her legs further, leaned back to offer more light, lifted one leg up to better reach her sole, and with his emerald gaze burning intently on her every move Ginny wiped up the proxy for his cum. She smiled wickedly at the rising in his jeans, the rush of his breath, delighting that he was always so pliable after a hard match.  Harry's grip momentarily yanked instead of firmly pulled. In response, the cow's sturdy tail swung ‘round and clocked him on the side of the head. Harry winched at a blow to shame a bludger and lost his balance, stumbling backwards, his hands reaching out for the nearest available surface as he fell - which just so happened to be the front legs of the feathery bovine. His wand clattered somewhere to the side as it rolled away and the cow mooed in desperate protest.  Then they thudded to the floor together, and most of the air in his lungs exploded out in a violent, "Oomph!" of protest. But when Harry blinked opened his eyes he found those startlingly bright orbs up close and glaring at him from the hawkish lines of the creature's face, only scant inches over his own. So close that, had he not known better, he would have sworn on his godfather's grave that they really were human underneath.  Ginny stifled a laugh at his consternation. “Oh, Harry, how do you keep getting into these situations?”   He motioned desperately for Ginny’s assistance as he tried to no avail to push the cow up by physical force alone