Order’s Golden Boy aside, Draco still felt like an outsider amongst his new companions. After his father broke out of Azkaban the previous summer, his mother had disappeared and he hadn’t heard from either of them since. Draco assumed his parents, or at least his father, were fully involved in the strategy planning the Order was following through well-placed spies, but he didn’t know anything more than that and really didn’t want to.

Draco’s anger at being forgotten, and at not being as important as the Dark Lord’s cause sent him running to Professor Snape with promises to do whatever he could to help bring Voldemort down. The Potions Master had been sceptical at first, not quite understanding what brought about Draco’s sudden change of reasoning, but with time and many late-night conversations Draco’s allegiance had become understood and accepted.

So here he was, housed at Order headquarters with people who he’d never considered friends, listening outside the door to their private conversations. Not quite the best way to get off on the right foot.

When he heard the chairs scrape against the kitchen floor, Draco jumped, startled from his thoughts, Not wanting to have to explain his indiscretion, he tiptoed back upstairs, his mind swirling with information.

 

~*~*~

 

Harry went about his nightly routine quietly as not to wake Ron who was snoring loudly in the small bed across the room. His earlier conversation with Remus played heavily on his mind as he climbed into bed and pulled the cotton sheets up to his chin. He lay there for some time, his thoughts preventing him from sleeping as they often did.

After tossing and turning for what seemed like hours, Harry sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed. He needed to talk to Draco.

The two boys had an unconventional friendship, if you could even call it that. Harry couldn’t explain it really. Draco understood him, and wasn’t afraid to tell him what was really on his mind.

When things were confusing, or damn right awful, Hermione and Ron were almost too smothering with their good intentions and careful words. Draco wasn’t like that. He was the first to tell Harry if he thought he was being a git, or if he was angry for no good reason. It was refreshing, if not a little humbling on occasion. He could always count on Draco to tell him the truth.

Harry thought they had made great strides from enemies to friends, but not everyone else felt the same. Most of the order had a difficult time accepting Draco, but for some reason Harry trusted the other boy, and needed him in an odd way.

Sometimes Harry wondered if there was a little more to it; a snippet of something he couldn’t quite explain. Some of the things Draco said, some of the comfort he provided made Harry wonder just what Draco really did think about him. Generally he brushed it off, not wanting to think too much about things he didn’t really understand.

Toeing his feet into a pair of too-big slippers, Harry padded out the door and down the corridor to Draco’s room.

 

~*~*~

 

Harry knocked tentatively at Draco’s bedroom door. Although the boys talked often, Harry still worried about interrupting Draco or getting in the way. Draco called for him to come in, so he opened the door and glanced around the immaculate room. Harry was always amazed at how tidy Draco was. Harry wasn’t near as careful with his things, and since Ron wasn’t any better, their room usually looked like a bomb had gone off.

“Hope you don’t mind,” Harry asked, moving into the room and perching at the end of Draco’s bed.

Draco shook his head and kicked a few pieces of stray ribbon and a pair of scissors under the bed before he sat down beside Harry.

“What’s on your mind?”

Harry paused for a few moments to collect his muddled thoughts. Draco was always willing to listen when he needed to vent or sort things out, but he was never really sure how much Draco would really want to know.

“Remus was telling me about my parents again. I don’t know why I still let it get to me, but you know after Sirius died I really started to wonder more about what they’d been like.”

Harry lowered his eyes, the expression on his face matching the troubled tone in his voice.

“I felt the need to hang onto whatever memories Remus had to replace the ones that I can’t conjure up in my head. Sirius and Remus knew them so well and I never got the chance. When I talk to Remus, it’s like I can almost remember them, but not quite. It’s frustrating.”

Something about the pensive look in Draco’s grey eyes almost made it seem as though the other boy understood first hand what Harry was getting at and his reply was barely audible.

“Sometimes I think it’s better not to have known.”

Harry searched the blonde’s face for clues