capable of scoring the same as him if not occasionally higher. He’d tried to talk to Potter a number of times, even to get a rise out of him to get him into trouble, but nothing seemed to phase the young prodigy. He usually just shrugged him off an vanished out of sight. He didn’t seem interested in much of anything, which puzzled the ever-ambitious Slytherin.

“Alright, what proof do you have?” Riddle risked asking, leaning over slightly, eyes narrowed and suspicious.

“I've stored away memories of your conversations around the school. Notes you’ve passed on to your…Knights,” Potter chuckled a little at that, making Riddle scoff. He’d known the name would have to go eventually, but it wasn’t that bad, was it? “I have a few confessions of coercion and blackmail from students too.”

The boy seemed calm, not at all like was accusing him. More like stating a fact, but it really only annoyed Riddle more. How could he be so casual about this? The Slytherin’s entire career and life were on the line here.

“Impossible,” he sneered. It was a bluff, but a good one. He had been careful.

“You’re not as subtle as you think,” Potter said as though he’d anticipated Riddle’s reaction in advance. “I’m curious though. Do you put yourself at risk on purpose?” He titled his messy mop of a head to the side, eyes wide and seemingly innocent.

Riddle’s jaw clenched almost painfully.

“Of course not,” he bit out, growing quickly impatient with this conversation. His wand was just in his sleeve…

“Don’t.” Potter warned, his eyes narrowing just a little. Riddle wasn’t buying his innocent, quiet façade any longer. The kid was smart, observant and sneaky. Why he wasn’t in Slytherin was beyond him. He can’t have tricked the Sorting Hat…? He had underestimated Potter though. He’d let his guard down, thinking he’d had everyone in the school figured out. He’d been careful around the teachers, knowing he couldn’t control them – well, other than Slughorn, the old fool.  “I have taken certain measures to ensure to my safety while I speak to you. If you try anything, the Ministry will know.”

“I see.” Riddle furrowed his brows in concentration, focusing all his brainpower to get a read on Potter. The boy was smart, he’d begrudgingly admit, but he was smarter. “So, you want to turn me in?” He decided to go in for the attack. As good a move as any other at this point.

“I might,” Potter sounded genuinely contemplative for a moment. “I’ll admit, I first set out to catch the rising Dark Lord purely for my own gain,” he admitted without a hint of hesitation, it almost shocked Riddle how easily he admitted to it. “But then I became curious. You’re quite brilliant, you know.” Potter’s burning gaze was unwaveringly studying him for any weakness; Riddle could feel it crawling all over his skin.

“I know,” he nodded with a cocky grin. “But you’re not bad, yourself.” Riddle didn’t really know what had possessed him to switch tactics so suddenly. He felt suddenly uncomfortable under the green eyes’ scrutiny. Potter’s unexpected assault on his position was a welcome intellectual challenge, but the close proximity and the quiet staring were…

“Unnerving,” Potter said suddenly, startling Riddle again. He checked his Occlumency shields quickly, fearing that the brat was reading his mind. “How easily obsessed I get with things that catch my interest,” he continued almost casually. Riddle exhaled shakily, this wasn’t going at all how he’d liked it to. Then the boy picked something out of his pocket. A ring, with carvings in it. Rune carvings. It was his Charms project from the previous year!

“I stole it from the professor before the summer holiday,” Potter shrugged, twirling the little thing in-between his fingers. “It’s quite ingenious. I’d never would have thought to charm it to return to the owner’s pocket the next day, should it ever get lost or stolen.”

“I’m sure you’d have figured out something equally interesting,” Riddle replied somewhat tersely, not intending to make it a compliment, even though it certainly was one. Potter’s lips quirked upwards a little.

“What are you trying to achieve, Riddle?” he asked in that calm tone again, but his eyes sparkled with curiosity.

“Haven’t you figured it out by now?” The Slytherin heir smirked mirthlessly, still tempted to hex the boy into oblivion.

“Of course I have. Every ‘Dark Lord’ wants the same thing, though they use different means to achieve it. I’d like to hear it from you, though.” Potter’s head was