pedal. He was going to go straight home and take a bath - that would soothe his aching muscles.

It was getting dark and somewhat chilly. He should have brought a jacket, he concluded. His freely wandering thoughts were interrupted by an unusual sight in the distance.

Something was approaching from the opposite direction and he had to squint to see in the shadowed figure struggling uphill. It was a familiar mess of green hair. Makishima…?

He was climbing.

Swaying from side to side dangerously, Makishima danced gracefully. The closer they got to each other, the clearer it became that the green haired boy was exhausted. His hands were clutching the handlebars desperately and his face was drenched with sweat. He didn’t seem to recognize Tadokoro, completely focused on his lone struggle against the hellish hill towards the school.

‘Makishima!’ he called out. ‘Makishima!’

His friend just kept going, but his pace slowed considerably. He was crawling upwards, his legs practically groaning under the strain. He passed Tadokoro, but it was doubtful he could make it all the way to the top in this state.

‘Makishima!’ he called out again, this time turning around to catch up with him. The green head turned slowly towards him.

‘Tadokoro?’ he ground out, his breath ragged and hoarse. ‘What are you doing here…?’

‘I should be asking you that. What are you thinking, pushing yourself so hard right after practice? You look like shit.’

They came to a stop and Makishima wobbled feebly on the spot. He was completely exhausted.

‘I have to perfect this,’ his grip on the handlebars tightened. ‘There’s not enough time…’

‘Wearing yourself out isn’t going to miraculously achieve anything overnight,’ Tadokoro said firmly, placing a hand on his friend’s bony shoulder. ‘Have you even eaten?’

Makishima blinked stupidly at him. Obviously he hadn’t.

‘We’re going for food then you’re going home to rest, alright?’ Tadokoro wasn’t going to take a no for an answer. Makishima looked like he wanted to argue, but lacked the energy to do so. He seemed to visibly deflate even as they rode downhill.

Tadokoro didn’t know what to say. He knew that everyone on the team worked harder than ever now, trying to bring their own abilities to a higher level. But exhausting yourself to the point of injury would only be counterproductive. If Makishima couldn’t ride with them…

‘You’re making a scary face, Tadokoro,’ his friend laughed weakly. ‘What’s up?’

Tadokoro shrugged. An awkward silence seemed to hang between them all the way until they settled in at the nearest family restaurant. The menu wasn’t the most impressive, so he decided to just order everything.

Makishima stared, bewildered as plates piled in front of him. He only managed a salad in the same time as Tadokoro had already inhaled chicken nuggets, a wrap, fries, beans, a tub of ice cream and several other items.

‘You going to finish that?’ he asked Makishima, pointing vaguely at the burger from the set he’d ordered. Makishima handed the plate over mutely.

After a moment he said, ‘How do you manage to eat so much?’ and scrunched up his nose, confused. It was quite a cute look.

‘It’s good. And I burn off all unnecessary calories in practice. If my body mass changed suddenly, I’d lose the strength I use for sprinting.. so I need to balance exercise and the food I eat throughout the day.’ It wasn’t the first time he’d had to explain his eating habits to curious people. Everyone wanted him to diet and lose weight, but his body mass was not only something he worked hard to maintain, it was his unique weapon in road racing. ‘You need a tough body to match your resolve to win.’

‘That’s unexpectedly thoughtful,’ Makishima laughed. He helped himself to a few more fries.

‘I guess I was a bit impatient… Toudou’s been egging me on,’ he showed Tadokoro his phone, flooded with text messages from the other climber. There were a lot of emojis and most of it made virtually no sense. He couldn’t help but burst out laughing. Makishima eventually caved in and began laughing too, holding his sides.

‘Feel better?’ Tadokoro asked after they quieted down again.

‘Yeah,’ Makishima smiled widely. It was a rare sight and something in Tadokoro’s stomach began to feel ticklish and restless. It probably wasn’t because of all the food. ‘Thanks, man.’

Yuusuke got up to leave and Tadokoro glared at him reproachfully.

‘What..?’ the green haired boy swallowed thickly, apprehensive.

‘Take care of yourself. It’s important for the team,’ Tadokoro got up too and punched Makishima on the arm, grinning. ‘We’ll be counting on you!’

Yuusuke nodded, while patting his arm absentmindedly, not really bothered that it would probably form a bruise later.

‘We can get food