.

You still didn't have an answer when there were no more pairs of lines in her lips, and so you returned your attention to the book. You slowly turned the pages until you were on the first chapter. You read the first page with painstaking attention to detail, reading every line, word, and character, trying with all of your might to determine whether this combination of words meant anything to you. If Cathy was asking, it was important.

Nothing about that first page held anything familiar to you. You closed the book and turned it over. Unlike the front cover, the back was black with a couple of lines of white lettering. There were no pictures behind the words, and no reviews of praise from critics above or below the block of text. Just the short summary and the barcode. You read the summary, hoping that it would jog your memory.


When a selkie's pelt is stolen, it's up to her girlfriend to find the culprit. But as the days pass, the selkie slowly begins to slip into madness. With no leads of the thief or the location of the pelt, she must decide whether to stay with the selkie or leave for a new life. As a human, she doesn't understand the gravity of the situation. Will her love prevail over the encroaching madness? Or will she give up and move on?


Deep down, you felt as though you knew this story, but you still didn't know if you'd read the book. It didn't look familiar to you. Cathy's intense gaze felt like it was boring holes into your forehead as you stared at the back cover. You counted the lines in the barcode. And then you counted how many different thicknesses of bars there were. And then you counted how many bars were of each thickness, all the while stalling against Cathy's stare. You wanted to give her the answer she wanted to hear.

"I don't think I have," you said after counting all of the characters in the summary, first without spaces or punctuation, then without spaces, then including spaces.

Cathy sighed and stood up.

You panicked. Cathy never had a visit this short. You had to keep her here, you weren't ready for her to leave.

"Is it a good book?" you asked.

"You should read it." Cathy picked up her purse and slung it over one shoulder. It was a purse that you had gotten her many years ago. The faux leather was beginning to crack, revealing white below the burgundy exterior. The straps had many lines of stitching from repairs over the years. It was the last Christmas present that you had given to her before everything changed.

"Are you leaving?" you asked, moving your gaze from the old purse to catch her eye.

"I am. I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" She bent down and kissed you softly on the lips before leaving the room. The heavy metal door swung shut behind her. You heard the lock grind shut from the outside as the metal mechanisms scraped against one another. Cathy's face appeared briefly behind the diamond mesh encased in glass that made up your only window, and then she was gone. When she left, so did your humanity. She was the only thing still grounding you in this world. You screamed and threw the book at the door before dropping to all fours and crawling in circles on the floor. There had to be a way out on one of the walls. If you just kept circling, kept looking, you would find it. And then you could go back to your life with Cathy. You had to find it. If you just kept circling, it would show up eventually.

 

Cathy clenched her skirt in her hands when you began screaming. As she walked away from your room escorted by a guard, she had to try to block you out. You always screamed and threw the book at the door when she left. Your mind only seemed present when she sat across from you. And even then, you weren't who you used to be. The guard put a comforting hand on her shoulder and squeezed lightly. He was trying to convey his sympathies, Cathy supposed, but it wouldn't work. Your craziness wasn't your fault; it hadn't been bad genetics or drugs. It had been someone else. Someone had taken a piece of your soul and run away with it.

"How was she today?" the receptionist asked conversationally when Cathy returned her visitor's badge.

"Same as always."

"Have there been any leads on her pelt?"

Cathy shook her head.

"That's a shame."

"The selkie leaders aren't convinced that she'll return to normal anymore. It's been too long."

"Are you giving up on her?"

Cathy shrugged. She asked herself that question every day. Did she give up on you? Did she move on with her life and leave you to rot in here? Or did she keep trying to break through the