Japan, had requested all new models from her show in LA, thus most had to be flown in from other areas, like your sister.

            You ignored the man who stood in front of the group of models and parents explaining how the process would work. Yawning, you stood, muttered "Bathroom," and crept to the exit.

            The heat of the hallway hit you with a hammer; your only relief was the small fan blowing in the doorway. It ruffled your hair and kept you just cool enough not to sweat as you decided on where you were going to go.

            The studio as a whole was very run down considering the caliber of designer and models. No air conditioning except in the room you'd just fled. Looking around, you caught sight of a ginger head of hair crossing the end of the hallway. Curious, and without any better plans, you decided to investigate. Maybe it was the guy from the pool; you hadn't really had a chance to thank him properly for pulling you out. You followed him to an office and felt the cool air flowing out the doorway. You leaned on the open doorframe, reveling in the breeze.

            He turned and caught sight of you in the doorway, a pile of papers in his arms. "Hai?"

            "Er... Hi?" you replied, mistaking the question for a greeting. You gave a small smile and wave.

            He gave you a somewhat put out look. "No. Hai. It means 'yes' in Japanese. Can I help you?"

            "Oh... um... I was just admiring the AC," you admitted shyly.

            "AC?"

            "Air conditioning. It's hot in the hallway."

            He nodded and went back to fussing with papers. You looked around at the messy office strewn with sketches, notebooks, magazines, and all number of various writing utensils. "Would you like some help?"

            The boy looked at the mess, then at you, and back at the mess. He shrugged. "Sure."

            "Just tell me where to put things."

            After a few minutes of silence, you glanced over at the boy. "I'm (Name) by the way."

            "Hikaru," he replied with a smile.

            "So... Japan, huh? Are you related to the designer?" you asked, putting pens back into a cup on the corner of the desk.

            "She is my mother."

            "So... how do you like the US so far, Hikaru?"

            He shrugged noncommittally and continued with the papers. You lapsed into silence as well, unsure what other questions to ask.

            "Hey! Models are supposed to be in the dressing rooms getting fitted!" a man with a clipboard and faint accent called to you from the doorway. He motioned for you to come with him. Ignoring the man, you continued to pick up pens and colored pencils. You wondered absently about how many writing utensils one person could have.

            "Hitachiin-san..." the man spoke before lapsing into a string of foreign words.

            Hikaru looked up at you curiously, "Are you one of mother's models?"

            "No."

            He turned back to the man and replied in Japanese. The man left and Hikaru looked at you again. "If you are not a model, what are you doing here?"

            "My sister, the girl that tried to drown me, is a model. I got to come along for the ride." You sighed as the last pen displaced a flyer that fluttered to the ground. Hikaru bent over and picked it up.

            "Fireworks?" he asked.

            Mentally counting days, you couldn't believe the timing of the model fitting. You nodded. "I can't believe it's the fourth already..."

            Hikaru regarded the flyer quietly for a moment before asking, "Is the fourth special?"

            "Yes! It's Independence Day!"

            "That's a big day, right?"

            You grinned. "Of course, it's America's birthday! Fireworks are an American tradition. You should go!"

            He cocked his head to one side, meeting your gaze with his. "Really?"

            "Yeah! You're in America; it would be wrong not to go." You took the flyer from him and read it. "Tell you what. I'll take you as a thank you for pulling me out of the pool." You grinned at him.

 

Hikaru was a tad bit surprised. He was so bored and here you were offering to take him to see some fireworks. A night away from the hotel would be nice, and his mother would be busy with designs basically all night. You weren't a model, either, so there was little chance you were trying to garner favor with the designer's son. Putting on his best host club smile, he replied, "I would love to."

 

The change in Hikaru's demeanor from friendly to charming caught you off guard. "Hotel lobby at six?" he asked.

            All you could do was smile and nod.

            "See you there," he said, turning and exiting