hairdryer currently turned on high.
           

"There you are, ma'am."
          

  After getting the old woman all squared away, Haruka turned and smiled at the man. "Do you need me to touch up your roots, sir?"
           

He nodded stiffly, again, and followed Haruka over to the chair the old woman had vacated. "Do you need a trim as well, or just the roots bleached?"
           

"Just the bleach."
           

"If you could follow me over here..." Haruka pointed to the sinks.
           

After adjusting the seat so her client was comfortable, she started rinsing his hair. As she ran her fingers through it, she noticed how damaged and melted it truly was. "Who was the last person to do your hair?"
           

 He shrugged noncommittally, trying to ignore her as best he could and just get the stupid thing over with. Sometimes bleaching his hair was such a pain in the ass.
           

"Okay... um. I'm Watanabe Haruka. And you are?"
           

"Heiwajima Shizuo."
           

Haruka nodded and gave a small smile. At least it was some sort of response. Having only lived in Ikebukuro since the school year started, she was ignorant to the whispers surrounding her current client.
           

 "And, if you don't mind my asking, where do you work, Heiwajima-san?"
           

 Silence. They walked back over to her chair, and Shizuo sat down while Haruka went to get bleach.
           

The rest of the time was spent with Haruka probing as cautiously as possible for responses from her very antisocial client. While he found her infuriatingly annoying, Shizuo managed to keep his cool rather well, and was quite pleased with the end result. He ran a hand through his hair, noting that she'd put something in it to make it soft again, almost like his natural hair.
           

"And you should put this in your hair at least once a day to keep it soft, Heiwajima-san," Haruka told him, handing over a bright pink bottle. "It works wonders on bleached hair. Oh! Let me wrap it up for you."
           

Shizuo exited the salon with a small, brown package, and an only slightly put out expression on his face.
           

"Nothing was broken!" one of the other hair stylists exclaimed, coming out of the break room. "Amazing! How did you do it?"
           

 "What do you mean?" Haruka asked as she washed off the brush.
           

 "Every time that Heiwajima Shizuo comes into the salon, whoever does his hair is fired and something is smashed!"
 



*

When Haruka got home, Rikiya was waiting with two small clay pots, potting soil, and two small day lilies. He grinned at her. "Want to help me plant them, Haruka-neesan?"
           

 "Sure," she replied, setting down her purse.
           

Her brother's lip had swollen considerably, but his nose had stopped bleeding. "You really shouldn't be getting into fights like that, Ki-chan."
           

"Why? I want to get stronger and protect you!"
           

"Fighting high schoolers won't make you stronger. Now come here." She caught her little brother up in a hug before there was a knock at the door.
           

 "I'll get it. You keep planting." Haruka smiled and went to the door. Standing outside were two men. One had glasses and dreadlocks, and wore a black suit. The other, standing taller, hair newly bleached, in the same bartender outfit, was Heiwajima Shizuo.
           

 "Tom-chan, how can I help you?" Haruka asked innocently. She was not surprised to see the shorter man. He'd called and told her to expect a visit, but her newest client was a bit of a shocker. Of course, she shouldn't have been surprised that Tom had a bodyguard, considering his line of work.
           

"Have you gotten any of the money?" he asked almost reluctantly.
           

 "Some. Would you like to come in while I go get it?" Haruka opened the door and ushered them inside before going to her purse.
           

 "Who's at the door, Haruka-neesan?" Rikiya asked.
           

"Tom-chan. Why don't you go find a place to put the lilies and water them, Ki-chan?" Haruka ushered her brother into the next room with one clay pot in hand. She grabbed her purse, counted out all of her tips and returned to the two men waiting in the entryway.
           

"This is all I have for now. I'm sorry it's not even close to all of it." She handed over the small stack of bills and smiled tentatively.
           

"It's fine. As long as you're paying."
           

"I still can't thank you enough for lending me the money to get this apartment back. It means a lot."
           

"I've put the pots away, Haruka-nee~!" Rikiya sang happily. "Does Tanaka-san want to stay for dinner?" The little boy had taken a shine to the loan shark, as he came over every other week to collect payments. The boy was oblivious