fingers well when he eased one inside. I almost laughed at the care he was giving me, as if I had never done this before but at the same time it warmed my heart. “It’s ok, I’m fine… more” I murmured against his pale chest before latching onto the pink nipple that called for me. When I said he seemed to know what he was doing, I greatly under-estimated him. He wrung moans and whimpers from me and I gave them freely but I wanted more as well. Reaching back, I urged his fingers from me and ignored the sound of annoyance he made. It changed into a low pleased chuckle when I shifted to crouch over him, face hovering above his groin. He was a sizable man and I could smell him here, thick and heavy against the back of my tongue. His fingers probed between my cheeks and I pushed back as my head lowered. Tongue stretching out, curling around the flared head and I felt rather then heard his groan, hips pressing up against me. I let it slick into my warm mouth, agile tongue sweeping any drops away to swiftly be swallowed before sucking, demanding more of him. I moaned as his fingers probed, soon a second being added and scissoring inside of me. It had been awhile since I had a lover, let alone one that made me burn with the need to feel him buried deep inside of me like this. I hollowed my cheeks sucking hard just to hear him whimper and feel his hips buck up against my mouth. I let him buck, hands in the sweet grass on either side of his hips as I kept up the suction. Focusing on the fingers, I groaned around his thick flesh as they thrust inside me at different angles, making stars burst behind my closed eyes when he hit the right spot. Apparently letting him know he had got the right spot with a muffled cry only enticed him to abuse that spot, making my body buck against his fingers as he added a third. 

Cock popping free from my lips with an audible sound, I sucked in a ragged gasp. “Give me the oil.” I demanded, voice rough. When he didn’t respond beyond thrusting his fingers again, I raised my hand, bringing it down with a slap against the side of his cock. I felt his body jolt under me, a startled yelp leaving him and I grin. Who was boring now hunh? Lifting myself, I swiftly spun, hands shoving his shoulders back down to the ground and holding him there. He didn’t expect that of me and I had him still in surprise but that wouldn’t last long. Casting my eyes about, I spotted the small vial and reached out to snag it, dumping it carelessly onto the hard flesh under me, tossing the vial away before reaching to spread it over his cock. It felt just as thick in my mouth as it did in my hand and I purred, straddling him and lowering myself down.

I teased us both by stopping just as he started to slide inside and just rubbed him there, lifting up when he bucked, denying us both what we wanted. I waited, watching his face as strong hands grabbed my hips and tried to force me down. Tendons stood out on his neck, marked with my teeth and that gave me a jolt of perverse pleasure. Wild eyes opened to stare up at me, teeth baring just slightly as he spoke. “Stop teasing! Fuck, come on! You filthy son-of-a-bitch! Let me fuck you! You know you fucking want my cock!” I dropped, tossing my head back with a loud echoing shout, feeling myself be spread and filled so full, so fucking good it made every nerve flare and pulse. There was pain, I could feel it as a distant unimportant feeling and I hissed eagerly, eyes rolling back in my head. I could hear him under him; feel his hands tightening on my hips. I knew I would have bruises, I always bruised so easily with my skin but I welcomed the marks. This was what I wanted, what I needed ever since we started our unusual foreplay of snipping back and forth at each other, each word firing us up more and more until the need had crested into this…thing. Wild and untameable, like a dragon raging through our veins. 

I was barely aware of moving, balancing myself on the balls of my feet and using strong leg muscles to raise myself up to let gravity take care of dropping down. My hands braced their weight on his shoulders, still holding him down, claiming him in a way most wouldn’t think of being anything other then submitting but just because I took him into my body didn’t mean I was not on top. Soon enough, I gave up the position of complete control and just felt. Neither one of us was in control, we moved together. I rose up and dropped as his hips snapped upwards, hands pulling me down against him hard. It wasn’t gentle or sweet, it was hard and fast and we were both