form of charm.

Someone from before, old memories, times he had yielded back to their keepers, their holders, until he had been free again. It threatened to weigh on him, but he leaned in, keeping a hand on the edge and a close balance of himself as he put his face through the gate.

"Now that..." a voice said that he recognized all too well. "...took even less time than I thought. You must be bored Lucifer."

A figure, a being coalesced together, coming to a point of existence not far in front of him.

"That depends on your perception of time." Not standing outside of creation, but within it. His coup, in so many ways, the creator at once beyond and simultaneously less than his Father. "You called me."

"Yeah." Elaine stood there, wearing the same form as he remembered before she had become God. "I thought I would see how you are doing out here swimming around in the primordial soup."

He slipped through a little further, perched between the void and her side of the gate, her creation. "Swimmingly. And you, creator?" Part of him hoped that she held true to what she has learned, still, though he did not know how much 'time' had passed.

There was just a moment of expression in her eyes that he recognized from the days when things had been so simple and she had just been a girl accidentally getting involved with him for simple reasons. "That's a bit formal. I still think of myself as Elaine."

He contemplated his words, because the heaviness of lack of time was on his side, watching her expression. She, too, had experienced the slowing of it, and the pulls and sharp tugs at the same time. He wondered what it felt like for the endless to traipse through her being, her creation. That was a question he'd never had answered. "Good. It suits you."

"I have to have something that is just me," Elaine said with a faint smile.  She remained loitering on the threshold with him. "Look at you. How have you been?"

Like a doting family member. "Traveling. Seeing what there is to see."

"And what is there to see in the Void?" she asked. He could feel the sharp vibrancy of existence wrapped around her.

Like a living thing, completely interwoven with her. She embraced that power, in a way Michael had long abandoned. He let the sensation wash over him, let it tingle his senses in a way emptiness hadn't. "Nothing."

"Mmm. Have you had your fill of emptiness?" she said with a hint of wry irony.

 He made a noncommittal noise as he leaned slightly further into her creation. "The grass is greener." He had forgotten the intensity of things rather than the half formed potentialities. There were things out there that moved in the darkness. Strange things, the nightmares of insane gods, the ruins of universes abandoned to the gnawing parasites of entropic heat death.

He had looked and stopped and observed and let it pass, let it all pass, or they had let him pass, and that was the question. What next and what now, and the dizzying sensation of a familiar creation curling at the edges of his senses. "I would be an aberration to your creation."

She looked at him with those eyes there were at once the creators' and that of the twelve year old girl who had accidentally summoned the Devil. "No, you wouldn't," she said simply. "How could you be?"

There was no role for him to fill, for he had passed those burdens on to better actors. It was a freedom, in its own way, to be beyond those stages and requirements. "That is perhaps a question you don't want to ask."

"I do and I have," Elaine asked and smiled."You are always welcome in this creation. You are no aberration Lucifer."

He had watched it unfold from a position, if not the exact time, and felt the tug of experience, memories and past which he had not been willing to yield to his father. The scar was his, his past, his decisions, still his. "I will leave again, after a while." He kept a hand on the edge of the door, but curiosity beckoned him further.

"You think someone always has an ulterior motive don't you?" Elaine said by way of an answer. "Plans within plans, within ever convoluted plans."

What he had learned  from Yahweh, his Father. From his brother.

He felt the smile touch his face as he looked out across her creation, and then to her again. "Perhaps, perhaps not. Perhaps I know I will be restless again."

"That's okay," she said. "I just wanted you to know you have a Home." Such a simple innocent powerful statement. Even his own Creation had not truly felt like home. He had never been entirely sure why.

Perhaps because of schemes and plans