ll turn up here again, okay?"

"Got it, Dad. I promise to stay in touch." Greg hesitated as they reached the doorway even as his mother moved forward to hug him and kiss him. The flinch was hidden this time and he managed to accept her contact and concern.

"Take care of yourself, Greg, sweetie," she said as she straightened up. "And of Gil, too."

Greg nodded. "That we definitely agree on."

"It was good to meet you both, though I wish it hadn't been under these circumstances." Gil stood up, shadowing Greg to the door before he offered both of them a hand shake.

Pete shook his hand with a firm grip, and Rane treated him to a hug as well much to everyone's astonishment. 

"You make sure you take care of yourself as well, Gil," she said even as she stepped back. "You've got our numbers, Greg's got our e-mail. You let us know anything."

"We will." Gil wasn't quite sure what 'anything' entailed, but it sounded like she wanted to hear any news, good or bad. Gil stepped back to stand beside Greg in the doorway. "Have a safe trip back home."

The watched as Greg's parents left, Greg finally pushing the door shut as their car pulled away.

"I shouldn't be glad they're gone but... Jesus, I don't think I could deal with them being around. Congratulations, Gil, you've survived a visit from my mother."

There was something about the tone of Greg's voice, something about the texture of his words, and while Gil couldn't pick up what it was, he could tell it was there. He shifted closer, slid an arm over Greg's shoulder and then slowly, a little awkwardly embraced him. "So did you."

Greg turned into him and leaned, "She doesn't mean it. She never means it. She just has this uncanny way of saying exactly the wrong thing..." he mumbled into him. "Usually it doesn't matter, I don't care but... oh god, Gil, do you think the same? That it's like me raping you, having my child forced on you?"

The leaning felt good, and he could feel Greg's words more than he heard them. He moved fingers, a little awkward still, and rubbed down Greg's back. "No. I'm... grateful that it is yours, actually. That it wasn't one of them. If they hadn't kept saying that it was yours, I..."

Greg was holding him as well and he could feel as well as hear the sigh of relief at that. "We were a good match, they said. I... god, it wears me out dealing with Mom. I love her and Dad, but even at the best of times, I spend forever afterwards as some sort of wreck. You were great. And I'm really glad you weren't horrified at the thought it was mine."

The thought that it was there at all was so much more pressing than worrying over whose it was, but Gil didn't say that. He just nodded, and finally started to back up towards the sofa. "You're smart, bright, and ambitious, you like to learn, and you worry about people. You'll make a good father." A better father than Gil himself, but there wasn't any sense in saying that, either

"So will you," Greg said as he eventually sat on the couch. He looked directly at Grissom. "You're not going to leave this all to me, you know." He smiled a little at him but his expression was worried and more than a little serious.

"I hope not," Gil shrugged casually, one arm still around Greg as they settled down, side-by-side, leg against leg. "I just... the way you've reacted helps me. I'm glad you came here."

"Even with the woods rescue and the parents from hell?" Greg grinned a little. "Well, with any luck, we got my obstacles out of the way, so we get to concentrate on you now."

If Greg thought they were going to deal with just one person at a time, he was insane. Gil leaned in a little more, peering at Greg's shifting eye movements. "We can both concentrate on getting better and coping."

"You get closer, Griss, and I might just have to kiss you again," Greg said almost nervously. "It's like a reaction I have."

"Closeness bringing about some strange kissing reaction?" Gil didn't move, shift forward or backwards. "We could test it scientifically, but I'm not sure what the control would be."

Greg shifted just a little closer to him. "Tell me no and I'll back off," he said