
=====================================================================
MN Lefty Liberal
=====================================================================
 BlogThis! 
MN Lefty Liberal  
The ramblings and thoughts of a Lefty Liberal trying to live his life in the North Star State
Tuesday, March 15, 2005
My Favorite Lefty…  
Word it my favorite lefty, Al Franken, is coming to town in June for a show with the House Caucus. I was at their show last year with Garrison Keillor and loved it. I am sure this will be even better. It looks like they are already selling tickets for it, so I am going to grab mine right now for me and my girlfriend. Only problem is, she doesn’t know who he is. 
posted by Trillin @ 12:33 PM 0 comments    
4 Days and Silence....  
You know, I really hope that if Ortega, Coleman, McLaughlin or Rybak are elected Mayor of their respective cities this November, they will better respond to requests from their citizens then they are responding to me. Never mind that I live in St. Paul so I will be voting for either Mr. Ortega or Mr. Coleman. Right now, Mayor Kelley is looking a whole lot better. Maybe I will send his campaign the questionnaire and see if he has the time to answer the questions.
Anyway, today I will be sending these campaigns a second request. Lets see if it gets their attention.
posted by Trillin @ 8:15 AM 1 comments    
Monday, March 14, 2005
Who Is The Governor Looking Out For?  
Many of us have been there. Working the last few days after giving our two weeks notice before moving on to that bigger, better job. The one you actually always wanted.We show up for work, do a half-ass job. Pretend to be looking out for the best interests of our soon to be former employer as a way of saying, “thank you for under paying me and taking away those vacation days.”In reality, we are looking into our new 401K, reading over our new health care policy, and e-mailing friends and family with our new contact info. Often, we are even doing preliminary work for our new job to get a jump.After looking at the Star Tribune today, I started to get the feeling the Governor is doing the same thing to us. On Sunday, the paper ran two stories about the would-be President Pawlenty. “A tale of two Pawlentys,” and Dane Smith and Patricia Lopez’s “Analysis: Pawlenty presidential buzz, bumps at home.”Now, I know that the Governor/President claims he is not looking forward to 2008, but as Patrick over at MN GOP Watch points out Pat Garofalo, technology director for Tim Pawlenty's 2002 gubernatorial campaign, owns the domain PawlentyForPresident.com.Looks to me like the Governor is picking out china patterns and drapes for a little place in DC rather then focusing on the job at hand. After all, we only have a huge education-funding shortfall, thousands being kicked off MinnesotaCare, and 3 straight years of budget deficit to deal with. But I guess that can take a back seat to his higher aspirations. I am sure we won’t mind…. 
posted by Trillin @ 10:45 AM 0 comments    
3 days, and no word…  
On Friday, I contacted the Ortega, Coleman, McLaughlin and Rybak campaigns, asking them to answer a few questions I could post here, to help educate my readers. 3 days later, none have even bothered to contact me one way or the other.For those of you interested in finding out more about these campaigns, I would suggest clicking on their name above and e-mailing them and asking them to respond to my questionnaire. 
posted by Trillin @ 8:17 AM 0 comments    
Friday, March 11, 2005
Working for you….well, trying too at least  
So I realized I have a lot more readers then I ever thought I would get, so I would try and help keep you informed on upcoming races. The following is an e-mail I sent to Mr. Ortega and Mr. Coleman in St. Paul, and to Mr. McLaughlin and Mayor Rybak in Minneapolis. Attached were questions I thought of off the top of my head. Hopefully, if they respond, I can add additiona questions and open it up for some of you to send in some.If all goes well, I will hopefully continue this. Lets see if they decide to respond. If they do, all responses will be posed in their entirety, no editing.
Dear Sir,I am the writer of the political blog http://www.mnleftyliberal.blogspot.com/. My blog is dedicated to political happenings in and around Minnesota, focusing on DFL politics and policy as well as debunking Republican programs an rumors aimed at distorting the truth and hurting every day Minnesotans.My blog is anonymous because of who I work for. I am involved in DFL politics on a number of levels, but do not want my personal thoughts and experiences to be attributed to those I work for. I know it is a bit paranoid, but in this day and age, one cannot be too careful.I am interested in providing my readers with some insights into your mayoral campaign, and was hoping you would be willing to fill out a questionnaire that I could post on my blog. I will be sending a carbon copy of this request and questions to your DFL opponents in hopes of helping my readers make an informed decision in your important campaign.If you choose not to participate, I will understand, and wish you only the best of luck in your future endeavors. I am, in the end, a DFLer and my only goal in all of this is to help foster a stronger party in any way I can.Sincerely,Trillinhttp://www.mnleftyliberal.blogspot.com/Question 1:Why are you running for mayor?Question 2:Why would you make an effective leader for St Paul/Minneapolis?Question 3:What previous leadership positions have you held that will help you run St Paul/Minneapolis?Question 4:What are the most important issues facing St Paul/Minneapolis?Question 5:How do you intend to address them?Question 7:Some say we have an “immigration problem.” What are your views on the influx of immigrants into St Paul/Minneapolis?Question 8:What would your first step be to curb crime in St Paul/Minneapolis?Question 9:What is that didn’t work, what would be your second step?Question 10:What will be the hardest part about being mayor?
posted by Trillin @ 11:40 AM 0 comments    
Lip Service  
In today’s Star Tribune, Norman Draper reports that the Governor intends to increase spending on education by $66 million over the next two years.That’s like giving a starving man a french-fry and going home feeling like you accomplished something.In response, House Minority Leader Matt Entenza said "We have huge unmet needs in our schools," and then pointed out that "the governor's budget doesn't cover that."Not only that, but as the Governor continues to rely on his “no new taxes” pledge to get him re-elected and sent on to a little White House in Washington, DC, he fails to point out where he intends to get this money. The budget is not yet balanced, there is still a deficit, and he is now increasing spending from his original budget. The only way he can do this is to engineer more cuts.Robbing from Peter to pay Paul while you are going down on the Titanic is just about as dumb as it gets. Minnesotans are not stupid. They know that every dollar he moves to education in a failed attempt to save his own ass is a dollar the Governor is taking from another program because he refused to raise taxes and attack the budget deficit with a balanced approach.I say it is high time we add a state sales tax to clothing purchases. Use the money in its entirety for education. Minnesotans are proud of their schools, and I think they would be willing to pay the sales tax if they knew it was going to schools, teachers, and our most important commodity, our kids. 
posted by Trillin @ 9:47 AM 1 comments    
Thursday, March 10, 2005
From The Department Of Stupid Ideas  
In an effort to show I am not one to pass up the opportunity to highlight stupidity on both sides of the isle, yesterday Rep. Mindy Greiling (DFL) joined Rep. Mark Buesgens (R) to call for a stripping of sports from schools and instead have them run through city park and recreation departments or other community organizations.
On a scale of one to ten, with ten being a good idea, and one being Anna Nichole Smith/Jessica Simpson/Paris Hilton stupid, this idea doesn’t even have enough smarts to make it onto the chart.
posted by Trillin @ 9:04 AM 3 comments    
Wednesday, March 09, 2005
Over The Top?  
When I first moved to Minnesota I was not a fan of hunting. I didn’t like guns. Maybe it was the New Yorker in me, but I figured any sport that required you to kill things was barbaric.Then, I went hunting.Why? Cause I was curious, and I when the opportunity arrived to go, I felt it was in my own best interest to go and get a first hand experience to either affirm or contradict my view.Well, despite my mother’s horrification, I actually enjoyed it. I found the experience to be wonderful and enlightening. While I didn’t catch anything, others in the party did and we had it for a lovely supper. The skill it took to hunt was just mind boggling, and I am now a firm supporter of the sport, especially for those who use the meat, and are not killing just to kill.But even my support of this sport which I enjoy has its limits. Checks and Balances has an interesting article in regards to Rep. Tom Hackbarth’s amendment to the Omnibus Environmental Bill. Here are the two parts I find to be a bit over the top:
This amendment, if passed with bill, will allow for the taking of game by sightless hunters by use of laser-guided weapons. They are to be accompanied by a sighted hunter and once the prey is located and locked onto they can shoot and retrieve their kill. This may seem like an opportunity to open up hunting to another group of people either those blind from birth or ones who lost their sight at a later point in their life, but it doesn’t seem sporting or safe for those who spend time in the woods pursuing our Minnesota heritage.
And:
Additionally, there is another Hackbarth amendment that allows free hunting licenses for children 12 and under to take a wild turkey as long as they are accompanied by a parent. Does this mean a father can strap his 6 month oldto his back in a papoose sack and then go off and bag a wild turkey with his son or daughter? Seems like it does from our read of the issue
.I highly suggest checking out the entire piece over at Checks and Balances. You have to register, but it is free and worth it. Then let me know what you think. 
posted by Trillin @ 4:00 PM 0 comments    
More Bigotry and Hatred From The Right  
Well, Michele Bachman to be precise. You know, I moved to Minnesota because of its grand tradition of moderate politics. Even in the Republican Party. Only to find small minded people like Sen. Bachman who clearly hate anyone not exactly like her, and will do whatever she must to deny them basic human rights. I applaud her for having her own sense of morality, but am sickened by her cruel intent to force it on the rest of us. The fact that the Republican Party has chosen to celebrate her instead of push her to the fringe of the party shows me that the days of the Republican Party of Minnesota looking to compromise and work with the DFL are over. The only losers in all of this, the people of Minnesota. Just look at last year’s do-nothing session.Anyway, one of my favorite blogs, Minnesota Republican Watch, has a great break down of my favorite State Senator, as does the folks over at Minnesota Politics.
The “Party of Lincoln,” yeah right.
posted by Trillin @ 8:57 AM 1 comments    
Pandora’s Box  
It is amazing how often this story told to children is forgotten when we grow up. Like many children’s stories, this one has a duel purpose; to both entertain, and educate. Well, maybe more of the former then the later, but it is an important lesson none the less.So what does this have to do with you and me today? Gambling. Yes, I am still on this gambling kick. Sorry if it is getting boring, but the moment those of us who disagree with the policy of expansion choose to remain silent, is the moment we loose the fight.So anyway, back to the point….First the Governor chooses to Flip-Flop on his campaign promises and clear statements against the expansion of gambling and the concept of the state profiting from gaming. So he calls for a state run metro casino.That was the all this Pandora’s Box needed. Not happy with being left out of the mix, Canterbury Park, and its champion Speaker Steve Sviggum, want the return of the racino. The Speaker demanding that racino be a part of any bill calling for the expansion of gambling for it to get through the House.Then there is the Mall of America. The owners of that establishment want to be richer, and want their own casino. All this despite the fact that the community doesn’t want one. But what do they matter, they only live there and helped finance the Mall.And then there is the Anoka County harness track proposal which some law makers are demanding to have its on racino is Canterbury park gets one.The thing is, it’s not so much that these locations are competing for the same casino. They all want their own if the other guy gets one, and the list can only get longer. And as the Speaker has shown, this will take some compromise to get through the House, and Senate. Compromise = more casinos. So stop with the delusions of one small casino to help the state. This is about the rich wanting to get richer, and the greedy wanting more for themselves. It’s a grand game of bait and switch which in the end will leave the State holding the bag, and the local communities footing the bill, more in the red then they are today.Perhaps our leaders should pay better attention to the stories they read to their children…. 
posted by Trillin @ 8:21 AM 0 comments    
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
Sign Up  
So I found this blogarithm.com thing and decided to give it a try. So if you are interested in getting e-mail notification of updates here at MN Lefty Liberal, sign up in the box on the right. If you don't, kittens and puppies will die!!!!P.S. Let me know what you think of the service, or if you know of a better one. I am not very computer literate, so it needs to be easy to do. 
posted by Trillin @ 4:13 PM 0 comments    
Looking for a little help…  
So I have an idea. I have this idea to put an e-mail option on this blog so people can sign up to get updates if they want. But I a) have no idea if something like this exists and can be put on to my site, and b) if it does, where to look.So if anyone who is reading this knows the answer, PLEASE let me know. E-mail me at mn_average_joe@yahoo.com
Thanks!!
posted by Trillin @ 11:10 AM 3 comments    
Turn-About is Fair Play  
Just found this little gem over at Pawlenty Exposed. Guess Kerry didn't corner the market on flip-flopping. Maybe the Governor called him to get some pointers.
Flip-Flopper Tim PawlentyFlip Flopper. 
A term Republicans including the Two-Faced Governor of this state know all too well and love to throw about. But like a boomerang, it is coming back to smack Timmy in the face. 
Thanks to a tip from one of our loyal readers, we found an article over at Minnesota Public Radio dealing with Two-Faced Tim Pawlenty the Flip Flopper, and his views of gambling. 
The article, posted December 6th, 2004 had this to say:
Pawlenty insists he has not changed his position on gambling. But when he ran for governor two years ago, he campaigned against proposals to expand gambling. 
Five months into his first year as governor, Pawlenty had this to say about a state-sponsored casino in an interview with Minnesota PublicRadio. 
"It's not a proper function of government, to be running and owning and profiting from gambling operations. That's not really part of our Constitution, or the vision that our founding fathers had for our state. "
Now lets see. "It's not a proper function of government, to be running and owning and profiting from gambling operations.” That seems pretty clear. And yethe lies when he says he has not changed his position. After all, he campaigned against proposals to expand gambling!!! 
FLIP FLOP!!!! A big one. And not just a Flip Flop, but a blatant lie added to it. 
This is the true face of Two-Faced Tim Pawlenty the Flip Flopper. A deceitful, flip-flopping, liar who will say anything to get re-elected so he can run for President and run out on this state. 
PE 
Tough words, but sometimes the truth hurts....bad.
posted by Trillin @ 10:55 AM 2 comments    
What A Bunch Of Morons  
Ok. So I know I have been writing about MN political stuff. But this just pissed me off.Democrats in the US Senate wanted to raise the minimum wage by $2.10 over the next 26 months.Republicans wanted to increase it $1.10 over the next 18 months.So what happens? NOTHING!!!! Not a damn thing.Both sides want to raise it, but can’t come to a compromise. Hey, here’s an idea, SPLIT THE DIFFERENCE!!!The MN Lefty Liberal Minimum Wage Proposal: Raise the minimum wage $1.60 over the next 22 months. Is it that hard?It sure isn’t when they vote for their OWN pay raises.But hey, who cares about the working man and woman. Sure they have to work 3 jobs to make ends meet. Just hope the next time they are clearing the table at the 4 star restaurant your bastards eat at, you don’t look them in the eye. At least they know what it means to work an honest days work.Our fine tax dollars at work. 
posted by Trillin @ 10:45 AM 3 comments    
Monday, March 07, 2005
I Agree With Grams (I Can’t Believe I Just Said That)  
In my earlier post, Stale Ideas, Stale Candidates, Stale Leadership, I talked about how both parties can’t seem to use a little imagination, and just throw at us the same old same old. Well, apparently Rod Grams must be a reader.In today’s Star Tribune, Dane Smith quotes Rod as saying he is sick of all of the "kingmaker stuff" and "third-world politics" in attempting an early coronation of Kennedy.I couldn’t agree more. The Primary system is important. It allows the people to make the choice, not the old white men in the back room smoking cigars. Remember those days? Do we really want to go back to corrupt backroom deals to choose our leaders rather then giving the people the choice.What amazes me even more is the hierocracy. The Republican Party wants us to have a ballot referendum for gay marriages, and anything else they can think of. Why? Cause the people should decide, not politicians. Yet when it comes down to picking who the Republican Party has run, they don’t even trust their own voters. Instead they force feed their base whoever the flavor of the month is.Maybe they have lost faith in the base. Maybe they just don’t fundamentally trust them. Or maybe they are worried a moderate republican, like a Pataki or a Giuliani from NY, might make an appearance here in Minnesota, one who fails the party’s litmus test of anti-gay, anti-choice, anti-government, and they fill be forced to explain that to the same backroom men who are making the choices now. Once that happens, out goes the funding from right wing organizations that the state party relies on.Looks to me like the Republican Party has made its choice. The people come second to the right wing minority, many of whom doesn’t even live in this state, but view it as their holy front line in a moralistic crusade against the other 05% of us who they view an un-worthy heathens. Now I am fully aware that this post will get the old “DFL is owned by the Tribes and Trial Lawyers.” And in an effort to avoid the hypocrisy I am accusing the Republican Party of, I will say this. Yes the DFL gets a lot of money from the Tribes. Yes we get a lot of money from trial lawyers. But they do so in support of the candidates we, the party’s activists and primary voters, choose. And if you want to get really into it, the Republican Party is “owned” by big business and the insurance industry. So lets just avail the whole you get money from this guy or that guy. Both sides have blood on their hands. This is about choosing out candidates, and who should have that choice, 20 old white men in a backroom, lighting cigars and passing money to each other, or us and laughing at us all, and out stupidity. We keep pointing fingers, and don’t realize they are the ones holding he strings making out arms move.Time to wake up Punch and bring Judy with you to go buy some scissors. 
posted by Trillin @ 2:41 PM 0 comments    
An Ode To MDE, Sen Kelley, and Civility  
"All I want from you is a little civility, and that of the commonest, goddamnedest kind."-The New Bedford Classic as reported in Zephaniah W Pease, The History of New Bedford [1918]. Supposed to be said by the mate of a whaler to his ill-humored captain 
posted by Trillin @ 11:55 AM 0 comments    
Albertville Casino? Please Say No  
So yesterday I went for a nice drive with my girlfriend up to Albertville to buy some sneakers. Why drive 30 minutes to buy sneakers? Why not? Plus I saved $40 on my $90 sneakers. 
But I digress, as this is not about sneakers.
It was a beautiful day out, and after stopping by the Nike Store we walked the length of the Outlet Mall, window shopping and buying a few other things. While it wasn’t a stroll around the lakes, it was still nice.
What I noticed however was this, kids, and LOTS of them. There were many many families out there pushing strollers. Teenagers running about with their friends having fun, spending time together, and shopping. A true family setting.
To put a casino in this location would put this in jeopardy. Do we really want the type of people a casino attracts to flood into this area? Now I am not saying all gamblers are a bad influence. I myself am a huge fan of Las Vegas and have been known to play some 7-card stud from time to time. But a good amount of the wrong type of person is always attracted to the big light, crowds, and allure of money (both to be won and stolen).
If indeed a casino or casinos are destined for the Twin Cities area, I would suggest that this is not the place to put it. Lets not put our children in harms way. 
posted by Trillin @ 10:26 AM 0 comments    
We’ve Seen This Befor…  
So I was sitting around my house yesterday having breakfast and reading the Sunday paper, and came across Kevin Duchschere’s article in the Star Tribune.
I thought it was very interesting, and very telling. We all keep fighting over the morality and fairness or expanding gambling, but have overlooked the potential effects on the locality that hosts the new casino(s).
There will be an increase in crime. That we can all agree about. More people + money + people loosing money = more crime.
As Dakota County Sheriff Don Gudmundson put it, “A casino would tie up traffic, swell alcohol-related crashes and tempt profligate gamblers to break the law.” He points to a drunk driver on his was to Treasure Island Casino in Red Wing in 1996 who ran a stop sign and hit a squad car, killing Deputy Luther Klug.
Now, if you are a tribe, and you are reaping the profits from a casino, you can afford more police and other resources taxed by the influx of people. But what if you are the town of Alberville, or any one of the other small towns Tim Pawlenty is looking to pawn this casino or casinos off on.
You get $10 million or 2% of the casino’s profits whichever is more. Now, to most of us, that sounds like a lot, but when you really think about it, that may cover the cost of more police, court costs, jail costs, infrastructure repair and upgrade and so on.
Once you finish dealing with these things, you will have very little to put into local schools, or other programs that these local governments think they will be able to help supplement. In the end, the Governor is using their need for more money, because he has cut their local aid, as the proverbial carrot for the donkey. 
This kind of reminds be of something from our country’s recent history, 10 acres and a mule anyone?
posted by Trillin @ 8:21 AM 0 comments    
About Me
Name:Trillin 
Location:St Paul, Minnesota, United States 
View my complete profile 
Comments and Suggestions
Please send me your comment and suggestions on how this blog can be improved, story ideas, etc. I welcome all ideas as well as constructive criticism. Even from Republicans. 
* E-Mail Me Today 
Your E-mail: 		
Local Political Links
* DFL 
* DFL Blog 
* Senate DFL Caucus 
* House DFL Caucus 
* College Democrats 
* Pawlenty Exposed 
* MN GOP Watch 
* Centrisity 
* Minnesota Politics 
* BLOG of the Moderate Left 
* New Patriot 
* Minnesota Liberal 
* Norwegianity 
* MN Democrats Exposed 
* Checks and Balances Previous Posts
* My Favorite Lefty… 
* 4 Days and Silence.... 
* Who Is The Governor Looking Out For? 
* 3 days, and no word… 
* Working for you….well, trying too at least 
* Lip Service 
* From The Department Of Stupid Ideas 
* Over The Top? 
* More Bigotry and Hatred From The Right 
* Pandora’s Box 
Archives
* March 2005  
Local Media Links
Newspapers
* Pioneer Press 
* Star Tribune 
Radio
* WCCO 830 
Television
* KARE 11 (NBC) 
* KMSP 9 (FOX) 
* KSTP 5 (ABC) 
* WCCO 4 (CBS) 
* WFTC 29 (UPN) 
 
var sc_project=586111; var sc_partition=4; var sc_security="18f4368d"; 