#main{margin:20px;border:1px solid #000;background-color:#fff;padding:0px 0px 15px 15px} #Title{font-size:43px;padding-left:0px;padding-top:10px;text-transform:none} #Description{padding:0px;padding-top:10px;font-size:12px;font-weight:normal} .DateHeader{border-bottom:solid 1px #C3CFE5;font-size:18px;text-align:left;margin-top:30px;width:300px;margin-bottom:0px;color:gray;font-weight:bold} .PostTitle{font-size:16px;font-weight:bold;font-family:arial, helvetica;} .Post{margin-bottom:20px;font-size:15px;padding-right:15px;line-height:22px;font-family:arial, helvetica;color:black;} .PostFooter{margin-bottom:10px;margin-left:0px;color:white;font-size:10px} #menu{border-left:1px solid #000;border-bottom:1px solid #000;float:right;padding:10px;width:160px;margin:0px 0px 10px 10px;background-color:#eee} p{margin:0px 10px 10px 10px} #Archives{font-size:12px;margin-top:15px} a{text-decoration:underline;} a:hover{background-color:#C3CFE5; color:#CC0000}     
=====================================================================
random rants about ugly pants
=====================================================================
 BlogThis! 
A collection of daily thoughts and comments by sascha benjamin cohen 
Looking for something less political? try Things I Hate. 
Sascha Benjamin Cohen is an armchair theorist, poet, and occasional IT manager. He is equipped with a Master's Degree in Middle Eastern Studies from the University of Texas, and is not afraid to admit that it has done very little to enhance his earnings capabilites. His work has been published by the University Press of America, Edwin Mellen Press, University of Texas Press, and a variety of small journals nationwide. 
comments? questions? write to saschaben@gmail.com 
 	 
Archives
 << current 
 	 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
random rants about ugly pants 
 	 
Tuesday, March 15, 2005  
 Here's Your Stick With The Horse's Head Handle -- Go See What The Tigers Can DoI suppose it's just a mauling-at-the-zoo season. But I think this boy got off lucky, compared to the guy who tried to reason with the chimpanzees....
Reuters - Lions maul showoff teenager
 
- posted by sascha @ 6:57 AM 
(0) comments 
Monday, March 14, 2005  
 Big NewsAnd good news as well:
Court invalidates California's ban on same-sex marriage
This isn't about sex or sexual "preference"; this is all about civil rights, and constitutional validity of discrimination.Get the (pdf format) text of the decision here. Be warned: the server is pretty damn busy at the moment.... 
- posted by sascha @ 4:30 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 What The Hell"Karen Hughes to Be Named to Top Diplomatic Post" All I can think to say is sheesh! And there was a moment in time when I was thinking of joining the public diplomacy branch (a.k.a. propaganda branch) of the State dept. I think given the choice of working for Hughes or having to eat live scorpions while getting a flaming sword rammed up my bum, I'd have to stop and think. Hard. So much for the independent voice of Condi's fiefdom. 
- posted by sascha @ 8:05 AM 
(0) comments 
Sunday, March 13, 2005  
 Energizer BunnyHe just keeps going...and going...and going....and going....Pope Leaves Hospital After 2 1/2-Week Stay 
- posted by sascha @ 9:37 AM 
(0) comments 
 
 Help Me Understand.So, after a 17-year boycott, Hamas has been drawn back to the political process by Mahmoud Abbas, and will presumably take part in Palestinian elections. This is, in turn a step toward demilitarization of the faction. One would hope. And since hope is such a rare bird in the region, I see no reason to shoot this one out of the sky while still fledgling.But that appears to be the tack being taken by Israel. Once again, the formal line appears to be "Democracy, but only for the groups we like." Funny how similar a Sharon government and a Bush government sound....
Israeli spokesman Avi Pazner said the participation of Hamas could "pose problems to (Abbas) and for the future of negotiations between us and the Palestinian Authority."
Well, yes. And the existence of Peace Now could pose problems to sharon and the future of negotiations between Sharon and the settlers on the West Bank. And the existence of militants in Iraq could pose problems for the stability of a future Iraqi government. This is the most specious and unconstructive sort of positioning possible. And it is shameful that as the leaders of a democratic world, we are becoming (by proxy in this case) the more regressive of nations, while younger governments with a history of repression and lack of freedom are now taking the torch from the old guard of liberty:
"Top Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said the question of who should stand in elections was one of democracy"
Perhaps there will come a time when this issue does not consist of threat and blunder from one or the other sides, or (more often) both. Perhaps there will be a moment when death and the threat of death is not the predominant motivation for action. Perhaps.And perhaps monkeys will fly out of my butt. 
- posted by sascha @ 9:35 AM 
(0) comments 
Saturday, March 12, 2005  
 ComplicationsThis AP release says worlds about just how convoluted our current ties are in the Middle East, without even giving thought to the new directions that such relationships might take over the next decade. Our now great ally and support in all efforts, Egypt, that new opening to democracy (according to the president), is again implicated in abetting everything we are trying to end: Egypt Aided Iraq's 1980s Weapons ProgramChoice bits:
In 1981, after the outbreak of war with Iran, President Saddam's Iraqi government paid Egypt $12 million "in return for assistance with production and storage of chemical weapons agents," the U.S. weapons hunters say in a little-noticed annex of their Comprehensive Report, a 350,000-word document issued last October....In 1983, the Egyptians modified the Iraqis' Grad 122mm multiple-launch rocket system to enable warheads to carry chemical agents. That powerful weapon system can launch 40 rockets with a range of 12 miles....A year later, the Egyptians supplied Iraq with 9-foot-long Grad rockets pre-equipped with plastic inserts in the warheads to hold the poisons....
Of course, the wall of official denial from Cairo continues to be chink-less. I wait for George and Condi to get this swept well under the rug. 
- posted by sascha @ 1:27 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 Quote Of The Day
"That is what normal people never understand. They want to enjoy the artist's products—as one might enjoy cows' milk—but they can't put up with the inconvenience, the mud and the flies."-Henri Matisse
 
- posted by sascha @ 12:10 PM 
(0) comments 
Friday, March 11, 2005  
 Lame Ass Alert!!!This posting just found on craigslist in SF. Please god don't let this disease be catching. If it is we are all in a lot of trouble.And I thought that bad clichés from 1950s B movies had all died off, except as poor-performance post-modern irony. 
- posted by sascha @ 10:58 AM 
(0) comments 
 
 On Trade Deficits and Subtle SpinThis from Bloomberg:
 Financial shares were the biggest drag on the S&P 500 among 10 industry indexes. They are down 1.4 percent for the week. Rising interest rates may curb demand for loans and reduce the value of bonds owned by banks, brokers and insurers.JPMorgan, the No. 2 U.S bank, fell 11 cents to $36.25. For the week, it's down 3.3 percent. Citigroup Inc., the world's largest financial services company, lost 15 cents to $48. American International Group Inc., the biggest insurer, retreated $1.02 to $65.10.
And this from the NY Times:
"I don't really see any real grounds for concern," said Mark Vitner, senior economist at Wachovia Securities. "Living standards here continue to improve, and I think it will continue to be the case.""We are a young country at the high end of our consumer spending," he added. "We need the developing world to get wealthier to buy our goods, and the developed world, like Japan, to grow more rapidly."A similar positive view of the economy was expressed by James Glassman, a senior economist at J. P. Morgan Chase, who said he did not "find the figures scary, but encouraging."
FYI: Wachovia down a full $1.30, or about 3% for the week. Seems you need to put a positive spin on even the bleakest news. 
- posted by sascha @ 10:43 AM 
(0) comments 
 
 CommentaryOn the anniversary of the Madrid bombings, some leading clerics of the Spanish Islamic community have issued a fatwa against Osama bin Laden, a first in the Muslim world. As a non-Muslim, I will not comment on the ups and downs of this; but I would like to note an interesting parallel to something a bit closer to the history of many westerners.The basis for the fatwa is, according to the reports, the accusation against bin Laden of the sin of istihlal. Literally, this can be translated as 'self-law', in other words creating one's own rules. But the more accurate translation into English, particularly in religious context, would be that bugaboo of the inquisition for so many years, and the plague of Orthodoxy through the Middle Ages: innovation.Now, in Islam, the sin of innovation in religious matters is bid'ah; but this is a legal matter, rather than religious. They accuse bin Laden of twisting Qur'an and text to create his own law. I see the parallel in the Church's accusation and condemnation of scientific activity and it's proponents: it bears on dogma, but is in itself a matter of secular innovation.Anyway, just an interesting thought. 
- posted by sascha @ 8:38 AM 
(0) comments 
Thursday, March 10, 2005  
 Sunshine And LollipopsThe Blogger.com servers have been a bit wonky this last day or so, making it hard to post, but that's alright: the world as I see it is more of the same. Troubles, Terror, Turmoil, Transition, Triumph, Tears. Fear, Failure, Fanfare, Fun. So go ahead and look yourself. I don't feel like doing any thinking today. The sun is beating down, the sky is clear and blue, the temperature is climbing up to 75°, and I plan on going out and enjoying it to the fullest.But just for the record:Terror. 
- posted by sascha @ 11:50 AM 
(0) comments 
Tuesday, March 08, 2005  
 Dumb But FunnyIt isn't really newsworthy, but it sure does look bad: a Governator group dedicated to creating jobs in California is outsourcing its work to India.Ha Ha Ha! Muckraking at its best! 
- posted by sascha @ 8:41 AM 
(0) comments 
 
 Back TalkAs I was saying yesterday, the pro-Syrian rally today was significant, popular, and altogether democratic. The problem with democracy in the Middle East---particularly in a fractured society such as Lebanon---is that it is far more complex than Bushian rhetoric or action will allow.The demands of the administration---for immediate Syrian withdrawal, for disarmament, for "free" elections---mistake symptoms for causes. Syrian occupation is not the reason for Lebanese factionalism or war; it is an outcome of a failed democracy coupled with the power struggle by a strong neighbor in a weak position regionally. The NY Times notes this, in its final grafs, with a nod to the trouble that would arise should Lebanon make a separate peace with Israel (highly unlikely in any case, as Hezbollah wouldn't stand for it.) But I do wish Mr. Bush and sidekick Condi could assimilate what it might portend when a rally for the opinion we are against draws crowds which "dwarf" those who turned out for the rally we supported.It's going to be more complicated than bully pulpit demands by the president to end authoritarian rule in the Middle East. To start a ripple in a still pond is easy: throw some rocks. But if you want to turn that pond into an island, throwing rocks isn't going to do it. 
- posted by sascha @ 8:22 AM 
(0) comments 
Monday, March 07, 2005  
 You EnnFred Kaplan has an excellent musing on Bush's appointment of John Bolton to the post of Amabssador to the United Nations. Admittedly, Kaplan has a liberal slant, but at the same time he points out the glaring issue of Bolton's long-standing hostility toward the organization he is now committed to working with.You have to wonder just what are long term plans are internationally, with such radical disdain for the international forum on the one hand, and an unknown arc of action by the State Department on the other. 
- posted by sascha @ 4:42 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 Darwin Award ContenderBadges? We don't need no stinkin' badges!It's a horrible thing to be mauled. But I'm trying to imagine just what this guy was trying to do to save himself..."
(03-07) 10:51 PST San Francisco (AP) --A man who was severely mauled by two chimpanzees at an animal sanctuary last week was quickly overwhelmed when the apes attacked, his wife said Monday.'One was at his head, one was at his foot. But all that time ... he was trying to reason with them...I couldn't do anything.'" (emphasis added)
Read it all here. 
- posted by sascha @ 3:24 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 More Thoughts On The Middle EastI find it intriguing that the various pundits and media outlets have been struggling through a debate as to whether the recent events in Lebanon and Egypt are due to the policies of president Bush and his war in Iraq, thus making him deserving of praise, and validating the last four years of US policy. It's as though they feel almost incapable of giving him credit, and grudgingly are seeing events that push them toward that unpleasant end. The question is interesting, but pointless. More important is how we can help guide event towards ends and trends that are favorable to us: toward stability, and open government, and integration into the Western sphere of influence in markets and philosophy and life.Today in Lebanon there have been rallies; anti-Syrian, pro-independence rallies. Later today and tomorrow there will be rallies organized by Hezbollah to support Bashar Assad and the Syrian troops. It is a new voice in the region, these grass roots noises. And that is good. And if our meddling has helped that to begin, then good. It neither validates our errors, nor assures our success. Instead of debating whether or not to begrudge the president some fleeting laurels for his cowboy rhetoric and quasi-imperial actions, we should be discussing how we can help along this brief instance of free speech, and nurse it into something more lasting and more powerful. It's been said before: elections do not make a democracy. They are just a first step in a long process. If and when Syria withdraws from Lebanon, the country will still be saddled with a government built on false premises and discriminatory practices: half the legislature will still be deeded to the Christian minority. And the most powerful political party will still be Hezbollah. I don't think that harsh demands will cater to keeping this new flame of change burning; I also don't think that anything short of a massive new coherent MidEast policy by both the US and the EU will foster what optimists are calling the spread of democracy in the region. An occupied Iraq is not a benefit to this; nor is a stalled peace in Israel, and continued occupation and settlement in the West Bank and the Golan.The debate should not be what has been right or wrong, and who takes credit and who takes blame. The debate should be how to nurture the glimmerings of change in a terribly complex and volatile region that holds, for better or worse, much of our future in it's hands. 
- posted by sascha @ 10:06 AM 
(0) comments 
Sunday, March 06, 2005  
 Interesting Sunday ReadingThe NY Times has run an interesting article on the fundraising practices of Arnold Schwarzenegger, our semi-beloved, Hummer-driving Governator. It notes among other things, the growing alarm among factions on both sides of The Great Arnold Divide at his attention to extremely wealthy high-paying donors---the notorious "special interests" he is always so at pains to castigate.What is enlightening about this is that the groups who have backed him on a number of his pet issues--redistricting, for example--are alarmed at the trend. The gap that it produces between the common voices of the voters and the voices of the wealthiest of Californians cannot be denied, no matter what Arnold says about being "un-buyable". If you only hear one tune, you're gonna start humming it eventually. And if you were humming it to begin with, as is the case with a lot of the current Schwarzenegger-GOP wealth interaction, then it's doubtful you're going to switch to something different that's being piped away by some mice in a different room.The quote that resonates with me?
"He has the potential to be a Teddy Roosevelt reformer," said Derek Cressman, director of TheRestofUs.org. "It is disappointing to see him turn around and raise money hand over fist."
Too true. We had hopes for ya, Arnie. Wha' ha' ye done? 
- posted by sascha @ 5:41 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 More On SgrenaNo bright lights, no warnings, no high speed driving:
Suddenly, she said, she remembered her captors' words, when they warned her 'to be careful because the Americans don't want you to return.'Sgrena wrote that her captors warned her as she was about to be released not to signal her presence to anyone, because 'the Americans might intervene.' 
I'm not yet sure what to make of this, seeing as the source is fairly anti-American to begin with, but if there is any truth at all in it, it makes for one of the more sordid affairs in this war, on par with Abu Ghraib. But it remains to be seen what the 'real' story will turn out to be. I still believe that this will cause a ruckus among Italian opinion, but do little to alter US-Italy relations. 
- posted by sascha @ 2:32 PM 
(1) comments 
Saturday, March 05, 2005  
 'Nuff Said
"'An Italian agent has been killed by an American bullet -- a tragic demonstration that everything that's happening in Iraq is completely senseless and mad,' he said. 'Nicola Calipari is the person we must thank most for Giuliana's release. Unfortunately, he was killed by American bullets.'"
I was speaking with my brother in Rome as this news broke, and his phone started buzzing like mad---I expect he's got an uncomfortably busy weekend at the embassy now.The whole incident of Sgrena's release is messy. I doubt this will tip the scales for Italy and the US, but it certainly won't add to the good will. Berlusconi has taken a scolding but stable role. So far. Senseless and mad; a good description. 
- posted by sascha @ 7:45 AM 
(0) comments 
Friday, March 04, 2005  
 Another Brilliant String Of Words
"'I don't mean just the troops out of Lebanon, I mean all of them out of Lebanon, particularly the secret service out of Lebanon — the intelligence services,' [President Bush] told the New York Post in an interview published Friday.'This is nonnegotiable. It is time to get out,' he said. 'I don't think you can have fair elections with Syrian troops there.'" 
Nonnegotiable is a strong word to use in this case. Does he really want to see things move that quickly, when we have no immediate action plan to ensure security? When we are still deciphering the impact with Israel, and Iran, and Hezbollah, and all? I wonder. The progressive actions in Lebanon are exciting and positive, but still do not include a large portion of the sectarian population, and have yet to be measured in terms of stability. I just wish we were acting with a bit more diplomacy, and a bit less rhetorical belligerence. It hasn't served us too well lately---think North Korea, think Cuba, think France. It's worth a read. 
- posted by sascha @ 9:49 AM 
(0) comments 
Thursday, March 03, 2005  
 WeirdJust for the record, my index fingers are pretty darn long...BBC: Finger length 'key to aggression' 
- posted by sascha @ 7:32 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 Same Old Same OldIn just a few hours, Steve Fossett will land his (or really, Virgin's and Branson's) airplane in Kansas, completing one of the more interesting useless adventures of the year: solo non-stop circumnavigation of the globe by air. At the same time, the papers are all spouting about the fact that 1,500 soldiers have died in Iraq since the war began.Somehow the two items are too me utterly incongruous on the front pages, as well as equally meaningless. It's sad, really.UPDATE: Fossett has landed. A record 67 hour flight. Kansas rejoices. All the dead in Iraq remain so. 
- posted by sascha @ 11:45 AM 
(0) comments 
Wednesday, March 02, 2005  
 I'm Shocked, I Tell You, ShockedIt's democracy in action. Or perhaps the impending collapse of the nascent government. Says AP on Iraq:
"Politicians had hoped to convene the new parliament by Sunday. But Ali Faisal, of the Shiite Political Council, said the date was now 'postponed' and that a new date had not been set.'The blocs failed to reach an understanding over the formation of the government,' said Faisal, whose council is part of the United Iraqi Alliance.The Kurds, he added, were 'the basis of the problem' in the negotiations.'The Kurds are wary about al-Jaafari's nomination to head the government. They are concerned that a strict Islamic government might be formed,' al-Faisal said. 'Negotiations and dialogue are ongoing.'"
Not to mention the trouble some have with the Kurds demand that their autonomous zone be extended south to include Kirkuk. It all is starting to look like some of the wosrt-case scenarios painted last year. For everyone's sake, let's hope it doesn't continue to trend in that direction.Read it all here. 
- posted by sascha @ 5:39 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 Hump DayIn my efforts to try and ignore the pontifications of Mr. Greenspan (how can he be so incredibly lackey-like?), I have been thinking about the potential ramifications of the tack being taken by Secretary Rice in the Middle East. She has come out on the side of Sharon in accusing Syria for the recent bombing in Israel, and has threatened them with unknown reactions by the US if they don't immediately withdraw from Lebanon.On the first issue, I feel as though she is being either willfully ignorant, or truly is thick about the structure and history of political parties in the Arab Middle East. Islamic Jihad has offices in Damascus. So does Hamas. And Fatah. It is questionable if any of them receive more than condescending support from the Syrian government proper. To directly tie the actions of a single political faction the government is risky business, whether correct or not. Because the actions taken by the government in response could far outweigh the trouble already faced. By her accusation, Rice has allied our sensibilities with Israeli rhetoric, and thereby lost whatever potential leverage might have been gained with Syrian allies in the Arab world. I don't see this as either a responsible move, nor as beneficial to the Israelis (or for that matter the Palestinians.)On the second, I wonder if she realizes that when Syria vacates, despite the pro-independence, pro-"democracy" demonstrations being seen right now, when all is said and done the largest and most powerful political presence remaining in the fragile democratic alliance of Lebanon will be....Hezbollah, the radical group sponsored by Iran, with the declared intent of destroying the "zionist presence" in the Middle East by any means necessary. Leaving Hezbollah in power isn't really the most appealing of worlds. Yet if we push for immediate response by Syria, this will be the outcome. And we might have used our diplomatic leverage to broker some further arrangements to counter that end, but Rice has effectively cut that off by ungraciously insulting the leadership of the Lebanese overlords.There is hope, but there is also great fear. And it hangs in the balance on a thread held by a power who dresses like a stormtrooper for an appearance in Weisbaden.Yeah, I'm worried. 
- posted by sascha @ 12:25 PM 
(0) comments 
Tuesday, March 01, 2005  
 Wolfowitz For The World Bank?What a strange presentation. The mere fact that his name is being floated---even on background---as the next World Bank president lends credence to the idea that our government really is trying to destroy the dollar, topple existing markets, and send the U.S. into a tailspin of universally deplorable economic recklessness. This is one time when I would definitely be on Carly's side. 
- posted by sascha @ 1:18 PM 
(0) comments 
 
 Spring NighThey say that March 'comes in like a lion' but for me it's come in more like a hangover, or a bad case of flu. I am hoping that the coffee alters that a bit. In the world today I don't see any major change in situations or sympathies; while the Supreme Court has struck down the Juvenile Death Penalty, I don't think this is a big surprise. And Lebanon continues to ferment.So, in the absence of cogent analysis or comment, I provide from my day calendar a lovely reproduction of Hundertwasser's 1972 silk screen, Green Power. Enjoy.Green Power 
- posted by sascha @ 12:02 PM 
(0) comments 
 	 
var site="s10randomrants" 	
