
=====================================================================
Therapy for the the TMOOD and Skeet Ulrich addicted fans
=====================================================================
 BlogThis!                            
Therapy for the the TMOOD and Skeet Ulrich addicted fans  
We are not alone..there are more people out there who had been tremendously affected by this Hallmark period movie, Magic of Ordinary Days and its main actor, Skeet Ulrich. This space is specially created for fans to gather and share their thoughts and ideas about this movie and its stars. To satisfy our need and to help us get on with our daily life--eventually. Let this be the start of our therapy-- let it all out!!!
DAILY SKEET FIX
Free DHTML scripts provided by
Dynamic Drive
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License.
MEMBERS
* 
Skeetrfan
 
* 
P&P5
 
* 
PBright
 
* 
Robin Moore
 
* 
Rhwillut
 
TAG BOARD
Leave a quick Note
 	 
 	
 
NAVIGATION
* Ray at his finest           
* Petition Drive           
* The Not So Ordinary Days           
* A Six-Week Check Up (Read after Daniel's birthday post)           
* Welcome team member           
* Book vs Movie           
* Welcome first members!           
* TMOOD - Daniel's Birthday Continued           
* Invitation to become a team member           
* Open to a Sequel          
                          
* 2005-03-06   
* 2005-03-13  
Sites worth a look
* 
Skeetulrich.net
 
* 
Skeet on IMDB
 
* 
GothykReddz Miracles
 
* 
MiraclesHQ
 
* 
Miracles Episodes Anthology
 
* 
TMoOD MB on IMDB
          
var site="s16tmood"     
Disclaimer
This site is an unofficial work of a fan and is NOT affiliated with Skeet Ulrich, any other celebrity mentioned in any of its entries, the movie titled "Magic of Ordinary Days" nor his/its agents. There is no intent on this Web page to infringe upon anyone's legal copyright/s. The information presented here is simply collected from publicly aired and published sources. This site has been created solely as an entertainment source in order to share and express his fans' great admiration for the actor and his work. Please observe proper web ettiquette. Contact the owner should you want to use any materials in this page. 
All rights reserved. 
Tuesday, March 15, 2005
Ray at his finest  
I'd have to give myself time to write my own version of a continuing story. I'll probably work on it this weekend. P&P5 and Pbright had totally worked hard to get their wonderfully written stories out in just these couple of days--I am so amazed, I don't think I can match the creativity of these two members! Kudos to both of you for a job well done.I've been busy just getting as much stuff into this site as possible. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to Google search this site. I think Google's spiders for indexing is somehow missing us sadly. If anyone out there has ideas, please do let me know!I am closing the day with Skeet's screen caps from the Beetbox drive scene. 
Don't you think this look shows he's already fallen for her?
I think Livy said a bad word when she tried to shift gears :-)
It's so old fashioned that he's even too shy to have any of his body part come too close to Livy. Prudent or shy?
I think this is the fastest he's spoken in the entire movie. So fun to watch, he seems so unguarded and comfortable with Livy.
"Our farm", definitely such a sweet thing to say. He's totally committed to sharing everything with her. I always just look at Ray's facial expressions that I get to see Livy's reaction only on screen caps. 
I think I'll just melt looking into those eyes!
and this sideway look is so hot! 
That cringe and pained look is definitely effective! I have to eventually load my screen cap pics on to this site as I've returned the album to private mode again. It's much easier for me to use them this way. So for those who've missed it, don't worry, you'll see them here as I'll be posting them every so often. Please do not forget to vote for a sequel! See Rhwillut's entry below. Good night everyone! 
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111064625421203181'); | postCountTB('111064625421203181');                                    Petition Drive  
I've belonged to IMDb since the airing of TMOOD. In early Feb there was a post regarding a petition drive to Hallmark which I somehow missed until yesterday. Hard to understand since I've practically lived at the site since watching TMOOD. Go figure! I'm posting the site address just in case you've missed it as well so that you can sign the petition. I was only #95 after over a month of availability. I'm sure TMOOD addicts will want to sign. Here ya' go----CLICK TO VOTE
posted by rhwill |                postCount('111094066551705184'); | postCountTB('111094066551705184');                                    The Not So Ordinary Days  
When the sunshine broke through the curtains, Ray was already awake. He had found it difficult to sleep lately, even though he was exhausted. He used this time early in the morning to pray. Who knew a year ago that the only time Ray Singleton would have time to pray would be early in the morning. Before Ray's feet ever hit the floor in the morning, he thanked God for his many blessings. A year ago Ray's constant prayer was to have a wife, a companion, to share his ordinary life with. A wife to come home to in the middle of the day just because he missed her. Until Rev. Case came over that Saturday to talk to Ray about his friend's daughter that became pregnant out of wedlock, Ray thought that his prayer was only a dream. Ray still could not believe that Livy had come into his life and brought such joy, comfort, and company to him. Ray truely did not care how Livy came to him, but that she was still there with him today. He remembered everyday to thank God for her and Daniel. When he was through praying and thanking God, he leaned over to give Livy a kiss on the cheek. She turned over towards him and took his hand as he got out of the bed. Sleepily, Livy asked,"Do you have to get up now? The baby is still sleeping." Ray said with a smile, "I have more reason today than ever before to get up."Ray made his way to the bathroom to shave and wash up. He had never shaved everyday but with Livy's skin so smooth and delicate, Ray never wanted to give her reason not to want to kiss him. As Ray was shaving he thought about Livy asking him to stay. He had never lingered in the morning, always right to work. But now he wanted to lie in bed and hold Livy a little while longer and to smell her perfume and powder one more minute. Ray laughed to himself about the way Livy cuddled up next to him at night to warm her cold feet. Ray opened the bathroom door after washing up and could smell bacon cooking. Ray could remember how his mama cooked bacon on cold January mornings before he and his dad went out to get the fields ready for that years crops. Ray checked in on Daniel to see if he was still sleeping. He gazed down at Daniel and thanked God again for the miracle of Daniel.Ray entered the kitchen just as the tea kettle whistled. Livy announced "Perfect timing." Ray nodded in agreement and said, "Yes, our meeting was perfecting timing." Livy smiled with pleasure as she knew what Ray was referring to.Ray and Livy ate breakfast together, bacon, eggs-plain as Ray likes them-and toast with coffee. Ray told Livy that she did not have to get up and fix him breakfast every morning. It had only been four weeks since Daniel was born, and she needed to get her rest. Livy insisted that she did and she enjoyed eating with Ray and talking with him before he left for work. Ray told Livy that he would be out in the south field getting it ready for the crops if she needed him. He would also be home around lunchtime to check on them. Ray leaned over to give Livy a peck on the cheek, but Livy took his face into her delicate hands and moved him to her lips. Livy kissed Ray like a wife kisses her husband. When their lips parted, Livy rubbed Ray's face and commented on how smooth and tender it was. Livy playfully said, "That's so you will remember to come home at lunch-I have a surprise for you." Ray smiled and wondered how he was ever going to get any work done. Out in the fields, Ray kept thinking about the kiss that morning. He and Livy kiss quite often these days, but there was something different about that one. Maybe it was because Livy made it to be more than Ray had intended. Not that there was anything wrong with what Livy did. Besides, they were man and wife. What was the surprise? Martha and probably Ruth would be at the house when Ray came home at lunch. They had been pretty much since Daniel was born. Ray was glad because the fields took alot of care these days and Ray did not want to leave Livy that long by herself.When Ray pulled up the long road in front of the house, he noticed that Hank's truck was not there. They have probably come and gone already. When Ray came into the house, he could smell a familar aroma, but could not quite decided what it was. He found Livy nursing Daniel by the fireplace in the living room. Livy said, "I had hoped that he would have been finished before you got back. He'll be through in a minute." Ray asked where Martha was. Livy replied by saying that Martha had called and said if there wasn't anything big that needed to be done that she would stay home today. Martha wanted them to go to her house for supper. Martha realizes that Livy needs to get out. She hasn't left the house since Daniel was born four weeks ago. Ray agreed. Ray asked Livy if there was anything she needed him to do. Livy told him about the diapers in the washing machine. They needed to be hung out. Ray went upstairs to the bathroom, that was where the washing machine was. He took out the diapers and went back downstairs to the side yard to hang them out. He did not understand why Livy insisted on hanging the diapers out because they only froze. She would eventually bring them in to the fireplace to thaw out. She said something about them airing out and smelling better.When Ray came in from hanging out the diapers, Livy had already put Daniel in the craddle asleep. Ray was a little disappointed that Daniel always asleep when he came in for lunch, but he knew that he had been up all morning with Livy. Ray washed his hands at the kitchen sink and thought about what the surprise would be that Livy mentioned this morning. Livy came into the kitchen and asked Ray to go ahead and sit down for lunch. Livy told Ray that her surprise was Ray's lunch. It was his favorite. Ray could not believe that Livy had cooked Ham casserole. Could it be the same recipe as his mother's? Livy proudly marched over with the casserole from the oven. Ray excitedly asked, "how did you know?" Livy remarked, "Martha, and it is your mother's recipe. I hope it is as good as hers." Ray smiled as the words echoed in his head from the first day they met,"I really don't know how to cook....I can get a book at the library." What a lifetime ago that was. Ray and Livy ate lunch and it was as good as his mama's. Livy smiled as Ray ate the casserole, she never thought joy would be brought to her in an ordinary lunch. But so it was.After they ate lunch and washed up the few dishes they had, Ray asked Livy if there was anything else that she needed. Livy replied "No". Ray went upstairs to use the bathroom and to check on Daniel. When he came back downstairs Livy had made him a thermos of coffee. Livy commented that she would get the nack of being a wife and remember to give him one in the mornings as well. Livy walked Ray out onto the porch and kissed him goodbye. Ray sheepishly asked, "I don't get another kind of reminder to be home early so we can go to supper?" Livy chuckling, swats at Ray and says, "I have to keep those reminders for special occasions." Ray would have to remember that for future encounters.Livy was hanging the last diaper up in front of the fire, when she heard Ray pull up at a little before four o'clock. He was always on time. He came in the front door and immediately looked to the living room. Ray knew that he would find Livy there-either nursing Daniel or hanging diapers. Livy greeted Ray with a big hug and kiss. She told him that Daniel was asleep and would probably wake up with in the next fifteen to thirty minutes. Ray decided that was plenty of time for him to get his shower. He ran quietly,as Livy reminded him often to do, to the shower. Ray emerged from the bathroom without a shirt on because the baby was sleeping. He did not want to go into the bedroom and possibly wake the sleeping baby, or at least that is what the ladies at the church told him-never wake a sleeping baby. When he started into the bedroom, he heard Livy talking to Daniel as she was changing his diaper and dressing him for their first outing. Livy was telling Daniel about the supper at Aunt Martha's house when his daddy talked about Troy. Livy told Daniel that that should have been the time his daddy won his mama's heart, but she was just too stubborn to see it. But his daddy is a very patient man and he kept trying and finally his mama came to her senses. Livy ended by saying, "Daniel, it is God's will that you be here or your daddy and I wouldn't be." Ray felt that he had eaves dropped, but that was not his intention. When Ray came into the bedroom, Livy was laying Daniel down in the craddle. Ray immediately began saying why he had no shirt on and all Livy could do was laugh. Ray being a little uncomfortable in what she was laughing at, began plundering for his undershirt. He grabbed one and turned around, Livy was right in front of him. He hadn't heard her come up because he was so intent on trying to decide what she was laughing at. Livy reached out and touched Ray's chest, she ran her hands up and down his arms and commented on how strong Ray was. How he could be her protector, that she so needed from the outside world. Ray then realized that Livy was not laughing at him but at his rambling on in an awkward situation. Livy took Ray's hands and asked how many fields had they plowed? Ray put his hands on Livy's waiste and drew her in to him. As far as Ray was concerned, Martha could wait. She'd understand if she knew. Ray took Livy's face into his hands and kissed Livy like she deserved to be kissed-ever so soft and gentle. Nothing forcefull or unsolicitated. Ray wanted to do so much more, but it had only been four weeks since Daniel. Ray did not want to force anything that would render this a mistake as well. Ray whispered in Livy's ear how he wanted more but that he would wait for the doctors okay. Livy whispered back to Ray that there was more than one way to make love. She took Ray by the hand and led him over to the bed. It was there that Ray whisked Livy off of her feet and laid her on the bed. There they kissed and held each other. Ray agreeded with Livy-there is more than one way to make love.Ray, Livy, and Daniel arrived at the Stewart house a little past five o'clock. Daniel was hungry. Livy sat in the kitchen with Martha and Ruth to nurse Daniel while supper was being finished up. At the supper table there was talk of the north wind blowing in, snow, beans, and exotic places that everyone wished they could go to get out of the cold. Livy sat there thanking God for the ordinary family that made room for her in their lives and love her extraordinarily. During clean up from dinner, Livy made the comment that if Martha kept spoiling her and not making her clean up that she may take to having babies every year. This drew Ray's eyebrow and brought a smug smile to his face-because he knew how babies got to this world.On the ride home, Ray and Livy didn't talk much. Daniel was getting fussy for his last feeding of the day. Livy looked over at Ray and saw a smile that she had seen before. Yes, Livy remembered that smile. It was there on Ray's face the night they ate supper at Martha's and Ray had shared his knowledge of Troy. It was a proud smile. Ray was feeling proud. Proud of his wife, his son, his family.When they got home, Ray carried Daniel in. Livy turned off the downstairs light and remembered the night that Ray had his proud smile on and how he tried to kiss her and she ran off. Livy has kicked herself a thousand times for that. How could she have ran away from a man who was truely giving her everything? Livy leaned over to kiss the baby. Livy really wanted to kiss Ray,too. Ray leaned over and kissed Livy. He said with chuckle, "I was wondering if you were going to take off up the stairs again like you did last time." Livy replied without hesitation, "Not a chance".Ray put Daniel on the bed to change his diaper and put on his night clothes. As he was doing this, Livy begins to change her clothes. Ray is unaware of Livy unbuttoning her clothes. Ray puts Daniel in the craddle and takes his suspenders off of his shoulders and pulls out his shirt. He sits on the edge of the bed and takes off his boots. Livy has walked over to the dresser to lay her earrings down and to give Ray a chance to see her. She notices in the mirror that Ray is looking at her. Ray makes a comment that maybe he should spend the next two weeks in the bunk room. Livy giggles and says, "you just wait-you think you're tired now-you haven't seen anything yet."Livy changes into her nightgown and Ray changes into his night clothes. In bed Ray and Livy talk about how many children Livy really wants and how often. Soon Livy is fast asleep and Ray holds her. Ray ends his day as he begins it-thanking God for his many blessings. Ray takes one more look at his extra ordinary day as they are both lay fast asleep.
posted by pbright |                postCount('111094606332129008'); | postCountTB('111094606332129008');                                    A Six-Week Check Up (Read after Daniel's birthday post)  
A Six-Week Check UpLivy and Ray finished up their dinner with six-week old Danny cradled in Ray’s arms. “It sure is a relief to hear that the doctor thinks you are okay, Livy” he said to her as she carried the plates to the sink. Livy smiled at him. “Yes, but not a surprise, Ray. I had a baby, I didn’t have a disease!” “Well, I know that,” he answered somewhat sheepishly. “But some women try to do too much and end up taking a long time to get their strength back and all that. You went through a lot and who knows what he might have said.” “That’s true, Ray,” she said. “Some women just have too much to do and have no choice. Look at me though. I have a husband who can’t do enough for me, a sister-in-law and niece who could not be more helpful, and friends from the church who send food on a regular basis. Why I am practically living like a queen!” “Well you’ve been saying all along that once you got through this six-week check up with the doctor, you’d want to do more for yourself so you may not feel so much like a queen in a week or two,” he teased. Livy laughed. “Maybe not, but I wonder if you could keep Danny occupied long enough for me to get a bath in before it is time for him to eat. I’ve wanted to have a bath all day, but haven’t had a minute to get it in.” Ray lifted Danny toward his face and said to him, “Do you hear that, Danny? Your mama is going to have a bath and leave the two of us men to fend for ourselves. That’s what it’s like when you’re mama is a queen!” Livy swatted his shoulder and draped the dish cloth over it as she started to leave the room. She stopped and turned back towards him, put both her hands on his shoulders and leaned down to kiss him on the mouth. She lingered the kiss a bit and then pulled her head back and beamed at him. “Thank you, sweetheart,” she said as turned and left the room and headed toward the stairs. “I’ll be quick because he is going to be hungry soon,” she said as she hurried up the stairs. Ray looked down at Danny and smiled. “Sweetheart,” he repeated with eyebrows raised. “That was some kiss, too. I’d say it’s worth doing a few dishes.” Ray stood and put Danny in the cradle while he washed up the dishes and wiped the counters and table. He was looking for the broom to sweep the floor when he heard Danny start to fuss. As he walked toward the cradle he found Franklin standing near the cradle peering in at Danny as if to check on him. “What’s going on, Franklin?” Ray said to the dog as he reached the cradle. Danny was growing increasingly unhappy as Ray lifted him and walked toward the rocking chair in the living room. Franklin followed them and sat next to the chair as Ray lowered himself into the rocker to try and comfort Danny. Despite Ray’s efforts, Danny could not be calmed. Ray stood and tried to walk about the living room, swaying a bit as he walked and trying to sing to the wailing baby. “Now, now Danny – we need to give your mama a little time in her bath. You can wait a few minutes now, can’t you? She’ll smell really good when she gets out – it will be worth it if you can hold on.” Danny was unconvinced as his hunger seemed to override any of Ray’s attempts to sooth him. He started to cry harder and his face turned red as he waved his fists in the air. Ray started upstairs as Franklin sat at the bottom of the steps, not being permitted above the first floor. Knowing that the only thing Danny wanted could be given to him only by his mother, Ray moved toward the bathroom door growing less confident in his ability to handle Danny at this moment. “Livy?” he called out to her behind the closed door. “I’m not sure how much longer Danny can wait.” “I’ll be right there, Ray,” Livy called back. “I just need to rinse my hair.” Ray and Danny paced up and down the hallway, Ray bouncing and crooning, Danny wailing. Ray’s relief at seeing Livy appear in the doorway was so evident that Livy had to smile despite Danny’s state. Her hair was wrapped in a towel and she had thrown on her robe and was tying the belt at her waist as she moved into the hallway. “I’ll feed him in the bedroom,” said Livy as she turned into their room with Ray following close behind.As she sat in the rocker, the weight of the wet towel in her hair caused it to tilt and then fall off her head. She put it on the floor next to her chair and shook her hair loose as she reached for Danny. Ray promptly handed him over. She quickly pulled the robe off her one shoulder, exposing herself rather completely before she quickly pulled Danny toward her. Ray’s eyes widened in surprise at her lack of shyness and Livy smiled a bit triumphantly as the room became quiet and Danny began to nurse. “Sorry for my lack of discretion, but our son was hungry!” she said without much remorse. Ray nodded and stared at her, marveling at Livy’s beauty. Her loose hair, still wet and starting to curl, and her skin, still flushed from her bath gave her a radiant glow as she held his gaze. Ray swallowed and said, “I’ll finish a few things downstairs” as he moved toward the door to head downstairs. “Think you’d like a cup of tea or something?”“Yes please, Ray,” she answered. “That sounds wonderful.”Ray went to the kitchen to resume his search for the broom. As he swept the floor, he wondered about Livy’s behavior tonight. Was she sending him some kind of signals – first the kiss in the kitchen and then her “openness” as she got ready to feed Danny following her bath? She’d never called him sweetheart before tonight, either. He didn’t know what to make of it, but if she was wanting him to do something, he didn’t want to appear unaware of her desire, but he didn’t want to push her to do something she didn’t want to do. He’d heard other men say that doctors often gave a woman a go ahead at that six-week check up to resume relations with her husband. Only their case, there were no relations to resume.Ray put the kettle on the burner and prepared two mugs for tea. He paced about the kitchen while he waited for the water to boil, continuing to wonder about what to do. It no doubt was becoming increasingly difficult to share a bed with Livy and keep his distance at the same time. He had worried about hurting her too soon after the baby and was hoping that he’d know when that was no longer a worry. They loved each other and no doubt at some point they would become husband and wife in the truest sense – he just wanted to be sure she was ready. Had she gotten the go ahead from the doctor and decided to send him signals that she was ready? Would a woman expose herself to a man and expect him not to notice? She did not seem all that embarrassed by her robe falling open. Was she testing him? The kettle whistled and startled him from his deep thought. He poured the water over the tea bags, put the mugs on a tray along with some biscuits and headed toward the stairs. Livy was still nursing Daniel as he entered the room. He put her tea on the small table next to the rocking chair. “Daniel really is growing isn’t he, Ray? He takes longer and longer to eat each day it seems.”“He’s growing for sure. The nurse at the doctor’s office said so while we were in the waiting room today” he said as he sat down on the bed holding his mug of tea. He thought this might be a chance to bring up the doctor’s visit.“Did the doctor say there is anything that you still shouldn’t do, Livy?” he asked tentatively.She shrugged, shook her head and raised her eyebrows. “Not a thing. He says I’ve recovered just fine and can resume my activities.” Ray nodded and looked at Livy with a bit of intensity, trying to read her face. She looked back at him with a slightly impish smile on her face, hoping that he would know that she was trying to tell him that she was ready to be his wife. She so hoped that she wouldn’t have to come right out and say it – it would be so embarrassing.She thought of her rejections of Ray’s advances early in their relationship. She was sure they had left him unsure and maybe reluctant to risk such rebukes from her again. She knew she owed him encouragement and wanted to reassure him that she was receptive without being forward and having him think her too fast. “Danny will probably be ready for bed after he eats – I bet he’ll sleep about four hours before he wakes hungry again,” she said to break the silence. She knew Ray already knew this to be the case as it had become the evening routine for Danny, but she didn’t want to break the mood by talking about the weather or some such innocuous subject.When Ray didn’t respond she asked, “How are you, Ray? Are you tired?” She sipped her tea as she waited for a response. Ray looked at her a bit confused – little did she know that he had been deep in thought over her wearing only her robe. As she looked at him expectantly, he realized after a moment what she had said.He shook his head. “Not particularly so,” he responded. “But I’ll probably turn in before too long.”The air hung between them, heavy with what was unspoken. “I think I will, too. Tomorrow I’ll be back to my old self so I better get some rest” she said brightly. Then she frowned a bit, not wanting him to think that she needed to sleep right away. “Of course, who am I kidding about getting rest with a six-week old baby in the house!” she said cheerfully. She realized that she was starting to sound nervous. Danny’s nursing slowed and he broke away and looked up at her with heavy lids. She laughed and said to him, “Come on sleepy head, let’s get you ready for bed and mama will do the same.She carried him toward the nursery where they kept Danny’s things and where he would sleep when he was a little older. She changed his diaper and put him into a sleeper and carried him back to their room. Ray still sat on the bed and watched her as she put Danny in the cradle and covered him with his blanket. She patted his back and softly said, “Good night, sweet boy.” Then she turned toward Ray and smiled, “Mission accomplished” she said. He stood and looked at her with a seriousness that made her shiver. Her smile faded as she met and held his gaze.After a pause he held out is hand toward her. She moved toward him and took his hand. He drew her toward him and put his arms about her waist as she placed her hands upon his chest. He breathed in her fresh, clean scent. When he kissed the top of her head, they both loosened their hold upon one another and gazed into each other’s eyes. Her look told Ray that he had not misread her signals. His look told Livy that she had given him the certainty that he needed.In the next little while, Ray and Livy Singleton finally became husband and wife in the truest sense. ************************************A while later while cuddling together under the covers of the bed, Ray said, “I must be the luckiest man in the world, Livy.” She smiled and replied, “I don’t know about that, Ray Singleton, but you certainly are the best man in the world.” “I know that isn’t true,” he said. “But I must be doing something right for God to send you to me. You are everything any man could ever want and what every man dreams about.”Livy laughed. “Well, I don’t know what men dream about, but there is only one man I dream about.”“Do you dream about me, Livy?” he asked with some seriousness.She smiled teasingly and answered in a playful tone, “I have been lately.”“Oh really?” he said raising his eyebrows and giving her a smile. “And just what kind of dreams do you have about me, Mrs. Singleton? Am I your slave and do I wait upon the queen?” he asked as he tickled her waist.She stifled her laugh and admonished him, “Shhhhh, there is a baby in the room, Mr. Singleton. And I am not the queen and you are not my slave.”“Well, you still haven’t told me about those dreams,” he said.“And I’m not likely to lest you think that you married a fast woman of some sort” she replied.Ray propped himself up on his elbow and looked down at her with amazement. “I didn’t think that a minister’s daughter would have such dreams about men that could make people view her as a fast woman!” he teased.She met his gaze defiantly. “Not men,” she corrected. “one man - one very handsome, honest, kind and loving man.” Ray blushed as he returned his head to the pillow and held her close. He closed his eyes as he gave thanks that they had finally shared this love, that they were truly husband and wife.Despite her best efforts not to think of Edward, Livy could not help but make the comparison between this act of love with Ray and what happened between Edward and her on that one night nearly a year ago. She knew now that she had not experienced love with Edward. Ray’s actions were all rooted in love and she felt cherished in his arms. This night represented a start, not an end and she squeezed Ray as she thought about it. He tightened his embrace in response to hers. She closed her eyes, too.They grew quiet and soon the only sound in the room was of three people breathing the sleep of the very contented. At least for another three hours until their son was ready to eat again.
posted by P&P5 |                postCount('111092320211137995'); | postCountTB('111092320211137995');                                    Welcome team member  
We are welcoming two more members to the team. We hope that they will have as much fun as we are having trying get our thoughts and ideas out and to keep the interest alive for this movie and Skeet Ulrich.
* RMoore
* Rhwillut
WELCOME -- happy posting!
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111090742710274329'); | postCountTB('111090742710274329');      Monday, March 14, 2005
Book vs Movie  
I bought the book as soon as the movie was shown. I couldn't get a copy soon enough as it was out of print already but pure persistance sure paid off. I read the book voraciously and have not gotten tired of re-reading it all over again especially if I complemented it with the movie. I am glad that they stuck to the majority, verbatim at times, on what was on the book. Although there are certain things in the book I wished had made it to the movie. On the flip side, I do love that they added certain scenes in the movie that weren't on the book. My wishlist of what was on the book that should have made it to final cut of the movie. All of it basically MORE interaction between Ray and Livy:
* My all time favorite--chapter 28. This is when Ray gave Livy a back rub and ended up beside her on the bed. There wasn't any non-Hallmark moment there and I don't understand why they did not include this in the movie at all. I think they've all but rolled it into one with the nightmare scene in the movie but not one bit of intimacy there. That nightmare scene gave the viewers more questions than answers. I just couldn't think of what's exactly going through Ray's mind that time, it's purely implied.
* That part where Livy told Ray that she's sorry for all that she's done to hurt him and that maybe she should never have come to him, that she had different dreams, places to go and that there's more about her that he doesn't know. Ray had a great answer to her doubts and it was how he professed his love to her "I love you because you came here to me". I think this is where Ray's understanding of the whole arrangement pretty much explained why he thinks it was God' will that he was chosen (by Rev Case of course) over all the other bachelors in the vicinity. But then, it's a toss up really on this one since I love Ray's speech and his acting when he professed his love for Livy and the baby in the movie's version. 
* That they would have shown Ray doing some farm work. The movie felt like Ray had flexible hours but the book really said more about how Ray usually doesn't go home in the middle of the day (out before dawn back after sunset) because their land is big and he's somewhere doing work out there and prevents him from making trips back to their house in between. Ray at work in the barn (moving hay). Even the time that he allowed Livy to help him out in the orchard so that he could satisfy her need to be more involved in the farm would have been impactful because that sets the tone of how Livy sees what farm life is and what she's up for if she decides to stay. It also gives us another insight on Ray's life as a farmer who lives by himself and how he desperately tries to please his wife. The book had effectively established the feel of how Ray's life was before Livy's arrival.
* The time that Ray drove her to the edge of their property, by the railroad tracks and he delivers this line "Sometimes you do find what you're looking for, closer than you think."
* The times that Livy reminisces on their last few days of bonding. Like impressing him with his cooking, Ray complimenting her for any small action or reason. Ray and Livy sharing the divan at nights after dinner. The book does give you those old fashioned closeness and intimacy without the racy stuff added to it. I am just hoping that it was more of a time constraint than anything else that they opted to delete these from the film.
* Ray had relented to driving Livy to a telephone so she can make a call to the sheriff about the POW. Of course the sweetest part of this is that, he tried to drive through a blizzard without even knowing the reason behind the need for her to make the phonecall. It was pure Ray support for Livy no matter what.
* They share a geniune hug when he notices that Livy can't tell him what was bugging her (about the POW incident) and gave her a hug to comfort her.
* The part where Ray asks her if there is something she needed to tell him and she finally faced up to telling him about Edward. Ray had asked her if she loves him still and she questions if it was indeed love. I think this would have been a powerful scene in a way because it would have closed that loop about how Livy decided to stay with Ray. 
Livy: Once you told me that this is a beginning. But how do you know, Ray? How do you know it's the beginning of something good?
Ray: I know -- because someday you're bound to forgive yourself. (in the movie)
* The part where Livy admitted to Martha and Rev. Case that she indeed loves Ray!
* And of course chapter thirty four is the part where they actually share a bed before she had Danny. It doesn't have to be graphic but you know just to see them share the bed would have been okay for a lot of us.
 
Scenes that are on the movie that weren't on the book but am grateful that they added them are: 
* THE DANCE SEQUENCE! I enjoyed watching them dance and how they had fun for the first time!
* Of course everyone should love the TROY dinner scene. The look on their faces is just unforgettable.
* How Ray gave her a wedding ring and saying all that mushy stuff, it's so darn romantic.
* the scene after Daniel was born all the way to the porch scene. 
* Ray putting up the old oxen yoke up on the mantle--whoa! that was one strong sexy scene by Ray-- I can just imagine if Livy was looking at the yoke's position on the wall or if she's checking Ray's backside (haha!).
 I can't imagine I've left out anything but I could have still--I just love everything about the book and the movie!
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111086714830942313'); | postCountTB('111086714830942313');                                    Welcome first members!  
This is a little late. I am kind of slow at catching up on all the updates I need to do. We've got our first two members signing up to this page! 
* P & P 5
* PBright
WELCOME!!!I truly enjoyed reading the Daniel entry, I cannot give enough credit for P&P5's entry, who truly inspired me to get on with my thoughts and put it down on paper. Will look forward to more exciting entries from her. Pbright is working on her entry right now and I am sure she's going through the same things I am, so many things plaguing our minds that we just want to organize and let it out. Looking forward to hearing from you soon!
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111086134641919326'); | postCountTB('111086134641919326');                                    TMOOD - Daniel's Birthday Continued  
From P&P5 (aka odea5) - My first attempt (ever!) at writing, coming from a need to continue this story for all of us! Hope you enjoy it!A BirthdayMartha thanked the doctor and closed the door. She turned just as Livy handed the baby to Ray. She noticed the warmth and tenderness between them. Martha brought her hand to her mouth as she heard Ray begin to softly sing a song to the baby that their own father had sung to them when they were young. She watched as Livy looked on, transfixed on Ray’s face as he gazed, crooned, and smiled at the baby all at the same time. She found herself unable to look away as Ray slowly leaned in to kiss Livy, and gave thanks as she noticed Livy lean toward Ray to return his kiss. She knew then that Livy had at last found her way toward her feelings for Ray. Martha was grateful that Livy realized that she loved Ray before she returned to Denver and that she gave birth to the baby in Ray’s house – their house. It would help Ray to feel truly like the baby’s father.As Livy and Ray parted, Ray gently kissed the baby’s head and Martha thought it would be safe to enter the room. “Ray, I bet this little boy and his new mama are hungry after all they’ve been through – why don’t you make up some sandwiches and heat that soup while I help Livy get started feeding the baby?” Ray smiled at Martha and then at Livy. “I think that’s a good place for me,” he said as he got up to head toward the kitchen. He stopped to ask, “Livy, are you comfortable? Warm enough?” As Martha smiled and gently shook her head, Livy also smiled and assured Ray that she was both. “Give us about 20 minutes, hon,” Martha said softly to Ray as he moved toward the kitchen. When Ray had left, Martha moved toward Livy on the sofa. “Are you ready to try feeding this little boy?” she asked with a smile. Livy nodded tentatively. Martha continued “Why don’t you let me hold him while you slide your arm and shoulder out of your nightgown? Once you get started, I’ll put the blanket around you so you don’t catch a chill. It will help cover you and the baby up so you can have some privacy – and in case Ray walks back in, it’ll also keep him from turning all shades of red!” Livy laughed and started to relax. When she was ready, Martha leaned over her with the baby, putting him into Livy’s arms at the proper angle. “Just move him toward you,” Martha instructed. “When he feels you on his mouth, he’ll know just what to do.” Livy did as Martha suggested and gasped when the baby latched on and began to nurse. Her eyes widened with delight and then a little with alarm as she realized how powerful he was. Martha smiled and said, “I’ll bring you some special cream I always used when I nursed my babies – it’ll keep you from getting too sore.”“I read that the baby won’t be getting milk right away, but will get something called colostrum,” Livy said to Martha while the baby continued to nurse. Martha nodded and said, “That’s right – you’ll know when the milk comes in a few days, but as long as you keep feeding him regularly, you shouldn’t become too uncomfortable.” They sat in a companionable silence for a few minutes. Martha reminisced a bit about each of her own children when they were first born. After a bit Martha looked at her watch and noted that he had been nursing for about 10 minutes and suggested that Livy might want to move him to the other side. Martha took the baby briefly while Livy readjusted. Livy took the baby back and put him to her other side with only a little awkwardness and got him started there without any problem. She smiled down at him and stroked his head. Martha then said, “After you finish I think I’ll be getting back to Hank and the kids before it gets dark out. Is there anything I can get you or do for you before I go, Livy?”“No thank you, Martha. I don’t know what we would have done without you today!” Livy responded. After a moment she continued, “I never imagined this day would turn out as it did and I can’t imagine life without all of you.”Martha smiled and patted her shoulder – “That’s what family is for, honey. When Ray took a wife, I got a new sister at the same time and a sister is something I always wanted. And now I’ve got a nephew, too!”Just then the baby moved away from Livy and appeared to be dozing. Martha smiled and said, “He looks downright satisfied, he does.” Livy gazed on him and softly laughed as she stroked his head. Ray walked in cautiously from the kitchen carrying a tray with some soup and a sandwich and a glass of milk on it. “Martha, do you want to eat with us?” he asked as he set the tray on a small table near Livy. Martha replied, “No, honey – I told Livy that I want to get back before it gets dark. I can come by tomorrow if you’d like. You can telephone me if you need me sooner or if you want me to pick something up in town before I come.” She and Ray hugged and Ray thanked her for her help and support. Martha looked especially pleased as she looked at Ray and congratulated him on becoming a father. As she put on her coat, she said good bye to Livy and to her new nephew.Ray walked Martha to the door and then returned to Livy and the baby. The baby was now sound asleep and Livy was struggling to return her arm into the sleeve of her nightgown. Ray leaned down to help and blushed as he saw Livy’s naked shoulder escape into her flannel gown. “You must be hungry Livy, after all you’ve been through,” said Ray as he sat and offered to take the baby from her. “I can hold him while you eat.”Livy smiled and handed the baby back to Ray and then lifted the bowl of soup. “You must be hungry too Ray,” she said as she began to eat. “I had something in the kitchen while you were feeding the baby,” he replied. There was a pause as he looked down at the baby. “Have you thought about what you might name him?” Ray asked.Livy slowly nodded and said, “I have though about it. If it is all right with you Ray, I’d like it if we named him Daniel.” Ray looked at her intently without saying anything. Livy, uncomfortable with both the silence and the intensity of his gaze continued, “Of course, he’d have to be Daniel Raymond for his daddy, too.” Ray swallowed and nodded slightly and then said, “I’d like that very much Livy. Thank you.” He looked down at the baby and as he stroked the baby’s head he murmured, “Hey Danny. You are a beautiful boy – just like your mama.” He peaked up to see Livy smiling at him. “You are beautiful, Livy,” he repeated.“I can’t imagine what I look like right now -- I must look a wreck,” she exclaimed. “But thank you, Ray.”“You must be tired after all you’ve been through,” Ray said, shaking is head in wonder.Livy nodded and replied, “A part of me is exhausted while another part is exhilarated by this miracle.” She nodded toward the baby and smiled down at him. Ray smiled and nodded, too. “He is a miracle. It’s a miracle to me that you are both in my life now,” he commented. He continued “But Livy, when you are ready to turn in, I can carry you up to your room,” he said.Livy paused and then said, “Ray, it’s our room.” She paused again briefly and then continued hurriedly, “Of course, I’m in no condition to be with you uhm, as a wife, but it would be nice to have you near to me and Danny at night.” Ray swallowed noticeably, but nodded slowly and gave a very slight smile. “I’d like that too Livy...if you are sure.” “I’m sure, Ray. I don’t think I could bear to have you across the hall from me another night.”“I feel the same,” he said softly.She reached out her hand toward him and he took it. She smiled at him and said, “I love you, Ray Singleton. I don’t know how I came to deserve to be your wife and to be as happy as I am right now, but I’ll spend my life trying to be worthy of you.” Ray frowned and said, “Livy, you don’t have to prove anything to me, certainly not your worth. I fell in love with you knowing about the circumstances that led you to be here. There is no shame in our relationship and I can’t have you feeling inferior and unworthy and always needing to prove something to me.” She nodded slowly as she contemplated his comments. Then she said, “I felt so much shame at being sent away, knowing that my father was ashamed. On my first day here, I was unbelieving at your comment that this might all somehow be God’s will – all I had been told until that day that I had shamed God and brought shame to all around me. I could barely believe that anyone could see any good in the situation – it’s taken me months to see as you saw that Danny’s coming was a good thing – a blessing. I guess it will take me a bit longer to let go of the shame.”She brightened and continued, “But, I’m feeling like a real mother now – I can’t wait to show everyone what a beautiful baby we have. And I hope that somehow, someday we can travel to Denver so my family and friends can see Danny and meet my sweet and handsome husband.”Ray blushed and quickly rolled his eyes in embarrassment. He cleared his throat before he asked, “So, I guess Danny was satisfied with his dinner – he’s looking pretty content at the moment.”Livy shrugged slightly and said, “He seemed to take to it just fine and Martha stayed with me to make sure I didn’t stop too soon. It’s so overwhelming, Ray. I am so afraid that I won’t know what to do next.” “You are so good at whatever you do, Livy. You’ll figure it out. I may be able to help with some things – I remember some from when my brother, Danny, was a baby. And we always have Martha. After her three, she must know everything there is to know.”Livy snuggled back into the sofa and rested her head on the pillow as she said, “I think you are right. She did tell me last week that we should be prepared to lose a lot of sleep in these early days – I should anyway. You’ll need to get your sleep so you can get your work done. If he wakes up tonight though maybe you can bring him to me to so I can feed him – it’s a little hard to walk just yet. Do you suppose I’ll be better tomorrow?”Ray raised his eyebrows and said, “After what you went through it seems like you should give yourself a few days before you do much. Martha and Ruth can come over and take care of the house while you look after Danny and get your strength back.”Livy nodded and smiled at the thought of Ruth. “I bet Danny will feel like he’s got a few mothers once they get here!” Ray agreed, “I expect you’re right – Ruth about burst waiting for this new cousin of hers.” He noticed that Livy’s eyes were growing heavy. Ray was tired himself, having slept poorly the night before in anticipation of Livy leaving for Denver today and trying to think of what he should say to convince her to stay. He could hardly believe all that had happened that day – he never would have imagined when the day started so bleakly that it could end up this way.He said softly, “Livy, let me take you upstairs. I’ll bring Danny up and put him in his cradle and I’ll be back for you.”Livy, too tired to protest, simply nodded and watched Ray walk out cradling Danny so carefully in his arms. She heard Ray start to sing to him again as they made their way up the stairs.A few minutes later Ray returned and walked to Livy at the couch. He sat down on the couch beside her and placed one hand on her cheek. As Livy tilted her head toward his hand he raised his other hand to the other cheek and slowly leaned in to kiss her. She met his kiss and put her arms around his waist as the kiss grew deeper. Ray moved his hands back into Livy’s thick curls as he continued to kiss her and Livy pulled her arms tighter. Suddenly Ray broke away and said, “I’m sorry Livy – this is no way to treat a woman who has just given birth. I’m acting like some kind of brute. I’m really sorry.”Livy gave him a smile. “You don’t need to apologize Ray, I am your wife and I admit that I liked it just as well as you did. But we should probably both get some sleep or Danny will have two parents who are not lucid!”Ray laughed at her comment and asking if she was ready, he lifted her from the couch and carried up the stairs and into their room. He had turned the blanket back when he came up with Danny and so was able to put her down on the bed and cover her in practically one motion. He looked over to the other side of the bed and then looked at her. Raising his eyebrows in a way so like Ray, he asked, “You’re sure?”Livy nodded confidently. “We’ve been apart too long, Ray.”He said, “I’ll be back” and turned to go into the bunk room he had shared with is brother, Danny, for so many years. There he changed into his night clothes and returned to the room he would share with Livy and with Danny for a while. He leaned over the cradle to check on Danny who slept peacefully. He turned to Livy to report on Danny and noticed that her eyes were closed. He quietly slipped under the blanket next to her. Livy turned as she felt his weight on the bed and gave him a sleepy smile. “I love you, Ray.” He leaned over and kissed her and said, “I love you, too Livy. Good night.” He took her hand and settled back on the pillow, bringing her hand to his chest. He fell asleep, too.
posted by P&P5 |                postCount('111085442213794638'); | postCountTB('111085442213794638');                                    Invitation to become a team member  
We have plenty of ideas, and quite a number interesting ones. It would be great to get it out and have it posted on a medium where other people can enjoy and hopefully maybe some of our ideas can be picked up to be in the sequel--wouldn't that be nice!Having said that, I want to give credit to those who have those ideas and would like to share with fellow addicted fans of the movie. So I am willing to add you as TEAM MEMBER into this blog. I will remain as administrator but becoming a team member will enable you to post your ideas into this blog and get it published under your name.Interested? What to do if you decide to so?
* Send me an e-mail (skeetrfan@yahoo.com) and in turn I will send you an invite to that e-mail address provided.
* Once you receive it, click on the link provided and register yourself as a blogger for Blogspot. If you are currently a blogspot blogger, you can use your existing account or create a new one. Blogger requires that you have an account as you will post under this name and account.
* I will receive information that you've accepted and will see your name on the team members page available for the administrator.
* You can start posting your ideas!
I think it's a very fun idea to be able to read other people's point of view rather than from just one source (me). I do have my own ideas and will be posting my own as well.
I do think I should set some rules though since we'd be sharing the same space and since I will be administering the blog:
* Explicit or use of offensive language on a post will not be published. 
* Our posts should be focused on either of these two subjects only: TMOOD and Skeet Ulrich.
* You can post and share data or information about the actor Skeet Ulrich on this blog as well, I won't limit it to just the movie. It would be great to have a good source of updated information on him in more than one site. 
* I would love to see Skeet get an award for this movie. He truly deserves it. So talk about his performance and the movie would probably be one avenue we fans can pursue.
* We do want to maintain a Hallmark kind of feel movie/sequel. Although we can probably do better than what they've just filmed.
* Let your imagination run free--that's what this therapy is for!
Come on and join the fun!
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111083293303298418'); | postCountTB('111083293303298418');                                    Open to a Sequel  
It may look like I hardly sleep--I am now thinking I may well be categorized as that type of person. I am writing this entry as a reply to P & P 5 and Pbright's comments on my first entry.One of the reasons why I created this blog is that I'd like to keep the hype up on the TMood interest out there and hopefully have the producers, Hallmark, the networks, etc to take notice and really push through with a sequel--ASAP. According to the message boards, someone had mentioned (Toving) that the author of the book had replied to her about Hallmark considering a sequel to this movie. I would love to see that happen and I really don't want a Miracles type campaign that took more than a year before they even decided to release the episodes on DVD, regardless of the wide interest on the show.I can't believe that I am in the same boat as P&P5, since the show aired, it's like never ending ideas kept on popping on my head. I've had sleepless nights just thinking and imagining it. Good thing for P&P5, she's good enough to write it down. I think I'll do the same.If you want me to post your two chapters for others to read, I'd be glad to post it here. I am also looking into having members (for those of you who would like to join) be able to post an entry into this blog. I don't want it to be just my voice and comments for the rest of you. I'll let you know how that goes. I've never done the member sharing on blogger before, so I need to read up on it. I am sure there is a way to get all our ideas out there.What do you think? Do leave a comment or email me (my email is listed on my comment replies) on it.And now for some sleep....I do have a day job if you should know (haha)..
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111079066773523421'); | postCountTB('111079066773523421');      Sunday, March 13, 2005
Tagboard up  
I've set up a tagboard on the left side, for those who care to leave a message there instead of the comment section at the end of each entry.
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111075426701133937'); | postCountTB('111075426701133937');                                    The underrated actor  
What do we know about Skeet?Not much data out there, I learned. Whoever his agent is, he's doing a dismal job of it or it could be Skeet's just a very private personality that he avoids the publicity? Whatever the reason, information on this actor is too limited and some quite outdated.Why doesn't he get enough exposure like the other actors? I know he's come back from a brief hiatus from the business to help raise his kids but his comeback role in TMOOD didn't even get him much exposure either. I think Keri Russell got more of a welcome than he did.Anyway, here are 15 things about him--add on if you'd like:
1.  Real name is Bryan Ray. Everyone calls him Skeet by everyone except his grandfather. He's taken his stepfather's last name, he won't reveal his biological last name. 
2.  Birthday: 1/20/1970 in most sites I've visited. Skeetulrich.net (great site!) says it's 1969. I tend to agree with the latter not because it makes him older but because I was born in the 60s as well (latter part of it, ok? slightly older than Skeet)
3.  Had open heart sugery when he was 10. He has some wires on him still (I think on his ribcage). We found this out from Wes Craven who mentions in the Scream DVD that Skeet's reaction upon getting hit by an umbrella in the last scene was geniune because the stuntwoman totally missed the padding they placed on him.
4.  His girlfriend before was the girl who played the chearleader (bathroom scene) in the movie Scream.
5.  Went to NYU to study theater and before that was a Marine biology major at UNC.
6.  Has an older brother named Geoff.
7.  His stepfather is D.K. Ulrich and his uncle is Ricky Rudd, both NASCAR personalities. 
8.  He's been in the business since 1996 when he starred in the movie the Craft. He made a number of small/bit parts as extra in some other movies before that.
9.  Married Georgina Cates, aka Clare Woodgate, in October 1997. They met on a party and she introduced herself to him. He says he knew it was her he was going to marry when he looked in her eyes (how romantic!)
10. They had twins in March 2001, one of each. Lucky guy, I love twins!
11. He's very proud of his son who is starting to expand his vocabulary and his daughter is slightly afraid of the dark. He calls them like an old married couple (cute!)
12. They live in a 500 acre farm somewhere in Virginia. I read somewhere in Shanondoah county. That's such a huge place, I wonder what he does with that much real estate?
13. He loves to ride dirt bikes and all wheel drives on it. I was proud how he came up with a witty answer when told by the host on a late late show that that was not farming and he replies with "but it's irrigation". If you happen to have seen that interview, I love the way his eyes rolled to the side when the host told him if they stayed in a five star hotel when they were filming TMOOD in Drumheller, Canada. Here's the link for those of you who haven't seen the clip, courtesy of Gothykredd (love your site too!): Late Late show interview. You will get to see another interview back in 2003 on the Wayne Brady show.
14. He likes to make furniture. Mare Winningham in the DVD extra feature said that he built his own farmhouse in Virginia.
15. You can tell he loves kids, was born to be a father, a good one at that. In movies and TV shows where he had to act with kids, you can definitely tell how he is very at ease with them. He wanted to retire at one point just to concentrate on having a family. What a down to earth guy!
I'll be adding on later when I get the chance--right now I have to get some of my chores in my own life done this weekend.
I've taken some screen shots of his wife in the Stiff Upper Lips movie. Don't you think they look like a beautiful couple or what?
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111073376101008034'); | postCountTB('111073376101008034');      Saturday, March 12, 2005
Actions speak more than words  
It's a Hallmark movie, what do you expect?Although I should give them credit for making it really wholesome and clean and the cinematography is just breathtaking, we were left wanting for more at the end of the movie.I think the success of the movie lies not only with the actors but also the person behind the camera, the director.Many of us had rewinded and replayed this movie countless times, some even frame by frame just to find some of the subtle things and errors (worthy of a separate entry) that happened throughout the movie. Regardless, beside the errors, which were just minor ones, you will be awed by how much the actors were able to convey the needed emotion for each scene. I wonder if the director had to slow-mo the scenes as well just to make sure that there weren't mistakes in those.One particular scene that hasn't been discussed before in the message boards is the day that Livy leaves for Denver to have her baby. There were plenty of discussion as to why she still decided to leave when they looked fine during Thanksgiving. The timeframe between that and day she leaves is presumed to be approximately two more weeks--indicated by Florie's favor to Livy.When Livy was on her way down the stairs and Ray was waiting in the parlor, it somehow registered to me that up to that point, Ray is still hoping that she won't be leaving after all. Note his anticipation and his body language, his standing up real straight.By the time Livy rounds the corner and Ray sees her, his shoulders immediately slumps down for a very brief moment. I think he realizes then that she was serious about leaving him. So sad but being a great guy as he is, he delivers the most romantic lines I've seen in any movie.
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111067795647278652'); | postCountTB('111067795647278652');                                    First Meeting  
Awkward is the word I should say. Skeet's son loves to say the word and Keri Russell even said she loved the awkwardness of Ray and Livy's situation in the movie. You can definitely feel exactly that in the movie.From the time they introduce themselves, the awkwardness is apparent. What could Ray be thinking that moment? I bet he's thinking--"oh my god, she's not only highly educated but she's also beautiful!" that must be awkward all right.I also love how he reacts all throughout their first meeting. It is sad to realize that Livy looks a little irritated that he can't say a word without her having to start the conversation.And When she asked him "Do you have any doubts", it endeared us more to Ray that he answered without hesitation "No Ma'am"
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111061992400630375'); | postCountTB('111061992400630375');                                    What started it all  
Ever since watching this movie on Jan 2005, I was hooked. I think I've only seen one other Hallmark movie. The trailer was kind of interesting, it caught my attention--I love romantic movies and this movie had an intriguing concept which totally got me interested, arranged marriages.Don't really know why but this 'custom' has been practiced by many cultures and it always fascinated me from the the time I was young how two people, unknown to each other before marriage, can make their relationship work. I've always thought, I am very grateful that I was NOT born into a culture like that, my, my, what could have been!But this movie, I tell you, I'd place myself in Livy's position anytime! Ray is just very marriageable guy I should say. Just as I said, this is just one of the interesting parts of the movie.So--to this site's readers. I've created this, not only to help myself find some peace of mind (I think you other addicts know how that feels) but also to interact and share thoughts and ideas about the movie plot and how it could have been and the potential it can be. The message boards have become so very interesting but I want to share some screen shots to fellow addicts. I feel it's easier to talk about a certain scene this way and appreciate it more.Also, I've watched this movie so many times, I'd really hate to ruin my precious copy.As you can tell, I am a Skeet fan. I did not know him before this movie or rather didn't notice him before but he totally captured me in this movie. So a lot of the caps are of his many facial expressions as I regard him to be the main and driving force of the movie along with Keri Russell and Mare Winningham.It may not look like a message board but Commenting is up at the bottom of the page....would love to hear your thoughts and share this gnawing need inside of me.Welcome!For those of us who didn't think the actor portraying Ray would carry this movie--we were so wrong!
I do agree in one of the posters on the message boards that this first shot of him is what set it all.
posted by Skeetrfan |                postCount('111061471214531591'); | postCountTB('111061471214531591');                         
nbsp;     
