
=====================================================================
Bacon, Cheese and Oatcakes
=====================================================================
 Morsels of life dished up by a British pagan veggie knitaholic! March 15, 2005 Found It 
I found the cotton lace sweater I'd knitted for my eldest grand-daughter. It appears to have been hidden under mounds of wool in my stash bag. I wonder how that could have happened?
Here it is
And I've finished the doggie jacket
And, just for fun, I knit this on Sunday for said grand-daughter
Yes, it really did only take one day to knit but I have to confess that considering it was knitted on 15mm knitting needles and the yarn was super super chunky it's no wonder it knit up so quick. The pattern is taken from the Rowan Junior Knits book and I used some Pingouin Meche Boucle that is so chunky you only get 33 yards of it per 100g. It's a vintage yarn that I bought for only 50p a ball and the buttons are some vintage ones from my grandmother's old button box so the total cost of this jacket was £4.
What's next? We'll I have some Chenille DK tape yarn and I shall be knitting Mark a zip up cardigan with it. He loves chenille as it's got very soft feel next to the skin. Just goes to show what a big softie he is.
Dished up by Lynn around 02:22 PM | Comments (0) | Trackback (0) March 12, 2005 Anonymous Blogging 
I miss being Moi.
Well, I'm still me, of course, but I'm no longer Moi, the anonymous blogger who was a re-invention of myself after being cyber-stalked by someone who believed everything I was writing was about them. It wasn't but you just can't tell some people.
I did enjoy being Moi. I enjoyed the freedom of writing whatever took my fancy and in whatever manner I liked. Don't get me wrong, I was never controversial. I never set out to provoke or shock. That just isn't me. But I did feel like I could get things off my chest. Have a good old moan without fear of any come back. It was very liberating.
It's a year since I gave the interview to Simon Garfield for the Observer article on blogging. I know I sound naive but I really didn't expect there to be so much me in it. I'd given interviews before, by phone and by email, but they'd centred mostly on Blogging Brits and the phenomenon of blogging. There wasn't much me in them. So it was such a shock to realise I'd been outed. 
Goodbye Moi, hello Lynn.
Of course, it's not all bad. It's because of the Observer article that James was able to tell his own story to a local newspaper. That, in turn, highlighted the plight of many ASD sufferers and we were able to help the Autistic Society with their awareness campaign in 2004. James also benefited; his school pulled out the stops and have given him much needed support and help. He's been referred to the specialist ASD unit in Birmingham and while he's waiting for the appointment to come through he's receiving help from the clinical psychology team locally. He's on target to getting some good passes in his GCSE exams this year and will then be moving on to college. I'm grateful for all this, really I am.
But.
The spontaneity I so enjoyed in blogging has gone. In my stats I've seen referrers from Google who have searched for me by name. In deed I've seen that they've searched for me by name and by my place of work. After I saw that I removed all entries that were work related and setup a robot.txt in the hopes that I could stop the site being spidered. I find myself self-censoring. It can take me ages to write an entry. Or worse still I don't bother to post at all.
Now I don't want anyone to think that I don't like myself. I do. Moi and I are one and the same person. Just different facets of the same person. Blogging anonymously as Moi made me feel safe. No fear of repercussions or of being dooced. More freedom of expression, more choice of topic. As Moi I had more fun.
So if I had the chance to do it again, would I? Probably. The benefits to James far outweigh any negative feelings I might have. I can always go somewhere else and start another anonymous blog if I want to. I doubt that I will though. It's not easy keeping multiple blogs going and I don't know if I've got enough time, never mind creative energy, to keep more than BC&O regularly updated. I do miss the fun. And I miss her. Maybe I'll let Moi out to play from time to time. I bet she'd like that. I know I would.
Dished up by Lynn around 10:20 AM | Comments (4) | Trackback (0) March 09, 2005 Still Knitting 
I'm still clacking away with the old knitting needles. I finished a second cardigan/jacket for Michelle plus a cotton lace sweater for my eldest grandchild. I'd show you images of both of these but I forgot to take one of the cardigan before I gave it to Michelle. I've put the sweater away so well that I can't find it. Knowing my luck I'll find it after she's grown out of it!
Anyway, here are two other projects I've been working on:
This is a cropped sweater for grand-daughter #2. It's in cotton chenille and was lovely to knit. I have some more of this yarn that I'll be knitting myself a sweater in.
This is my current work in progress. A hooded jacket for my eldest grand-daughter. She's been nagging for a jacket with "doggies on it" so I'm hoping this fits the bill for her.
Dished up by Lynn around 09:46 AM | Comments (5) | Trackback (0) March 07, 2005 Gym and Tonic? 
I'm off to the gym for the first time this morning. I'm joining with two of my daughters. We've decided that 2005 will be The Year We Get Fit. 
Yes I have thought this through. Yes I will be having an induction. Yes I know it's hard work. Yes I do think it's worth it.
.
.
.
.
It's going to hurt isn't it?
More details later. As long as I haven't crippled myself.
Addendum added at 13.37
Ouch...
Dished up by Lynn around 09:40 AM | Comments (10) | Trackback (0) March 06, 2005 Bite The Dust 
Two of the blogs on my blogroll seem to have upped and disappeared - 
Jess Lat of Circle of Fools and
Paul the Postman of Isabella's Teddy and lately P739.
Both domains seem to have expired and I don't have any info of where, if at all, they may have moved to. Very sad really; they were two of the first bloggers I ever started to share linky love with and Paul helped a lot with publicising Blogging Brits when I launched it.
If anyone knows where they are, or is in contact with them, let me know eh? 
Dished up by Lynn around 07:47 PM | Comments (0) | Trackback (0) March 05, 2005 Feeling Grounded 
There are some who might believe that urban living is anathema to a druid. I was once at an OBOD meet and whilst chatting to someone for the first time they remarked on how they thought cities were soulless places. I can't agree with that. The energies may be more subtle and less primal than rural areas but it's not difficult to tune into them. 
I probably feel the way I do because I've spent most of my life living in cities. I like the creature comforts associated with suburban life. It's easy having everything at hand. Green earth is not lost to me though. As a child my family would take a Sunday walk down the local canal side; we'd kneel at the water's edge watching pond skaters and water beetles going about their business. I'd regularly ask my grandmother to take me for a walk to "the hills"; we'd actually be going to grass covered slag heaps made from the mining at Sneyd Pit where my grandfather used to work. To my young eyes they were as magnificent as anything you'd find on Snowdonia or the Cairngorms. I'd witness the changing of the seasons by the flowers we'd pick to take home. Pussy Willows in the spring, Bluebells in the early summer, Buttercups and Cowparsley and tall Couch grass in the summer, Blackberries in the autumn. I can remember how I would sit with a twig of Pussy Willow stroking the downy softness of the buds. Bluebells are still my favourite flowers.
Nature is busy at work even in a place of towering bricks and mortar with concrete sprawl. Mother Nature is always ready to take back what is hers. Just this week, as we drove through one of the five towns, I noticed ferns growing in the mortar cracks on the side of an old factory building. It doesn't take long for Nettles, Dandelions, Cowparsley, Rosebay Willowherb and grass to take over the land after a building has been demolished. I don't advocate the wholesale destruction of tracts of land for human use but I do believe that when a conscious balance is struck between the needs of man and the needs of the land, it shouldn't take too much work on our part to live harmoniously with our surroundings even if that living takes place in a city.
Later today I'll be meeting up with a group of people who, like me, want to explore Druidry in an inner-city environment. I have a sneaky suspicion that we'll discover that the soul of a place is more than the things that grow in it and around it. Part of the soul will be the people who live on it too.
Dished up by Lynn around 10:22 AM | Comments (1) | Trackback (0) March 03, 2005 To Do List 
Loads on the To Do List today, including taking number 1 son to the hospital for an x-ray - he's got a frozen shoulder and it needs checking out - and a visit from the blind man to measure up the front bay window.
And talking of the blind man, it reminds me of a joke I heard on the Vicar of Dibley:
And there's more... Dished up by Lynn around 08:30 AM | Comments (2) | Trackback (0) March 01, 2005 Hey Up! 
Checking my stats, I see someone has come by the site via this search on Google.
Interestingly, BC&O is 4th on the list. Behind Tone of Atypical.
I wonder what they're going to do now they've found me?
Dished up by Lynn around 01:21 PM | Comments (1) | Trackback (0) The Lost Art Of The Epistolarian 
I used to be an avid letter writer. Sheets and sheets of news, jokes, stuff and nonsense, doodles and local gossip. I'd desperately try to make each one as personal as possible. I must have been either a frustrated raconteur or was getting rid of the novel inside me one missive at a time.
I'm not nearly so good at it any more. Actually, that may not be strictly true. I can still write that way, I just don't. It's probably a combination of lack of time with can't be arsed. I suppose the first excuse I can justify. The second? Well, let's say I'm a little disillusioned these days.
There used to be several people I would actively keep contact with via letter. I don't do the 'phone thing too well so tend not to use that way. I've tried to make up for it by writing a regular letter. Usually it was once a month regardless of whether I got a reply or not. I suppose it became a bit of a Gomm newsletter at the end; I'd write a bit about each child with how Mark and I were doing tagged on the end. I must have done that almost religiously for a couple of years. 
It got to be a bit soul destroying when the replies came infrequently and then eventually became nothing but the yearly letter that comes with the Christmas card. A bit like sending a bit of my body and soul along with the letter but getting nothing back. The batteries got depleted in the end and I lost all pleasure in doing it. I don't think I've written a regular letter in over 6 years now. 
There are some who would argue that the telephone and, more recently, email have destroyed the art of good penmanship in letter writing. I don't know about that. Working for Royal Mail I get to see first hand just how much "hard copy" mail is still produced. It runs into the millions of items a day and it's not all business mail either.
Reading through what I've written I'm wondering if I sound a tad bitter. I don't mean to. What's brought this on then? I've received a letter this morning from friends in Devon. I met them through OBOD and we've kept contact ever since. I don't get regular letters from them. They've sent me 6 sheets this time, all of it crammed full of what they've been up to since we last spoke. It's taken them 3 months to be able to reply to my last letter simply because they're so busy. And I have no problem with that whatsoever.
Remember this? I sent a letter, sheets and sheets, but haven't heard anything back. It's nearly two months. I suppose I should be patient, after all considering how often I send letters these days two months isn't very long. I'll give her a while longer before I write her off completely. I'm not holding my breath though. 
Dished up by Lynn around 09:33 AM | Comments (5) | Trackback (0) February 27, 2005 FFS 
I just wrote a beautiful entry all about truth, deception and why you have to read between the lines when you get emails from certain people but I've totally goofed and lost the lot.
Bugger.
I just can't be arsed to write it all out again.
I'm feeling all needy now. Just pretend I wrote something totally fab here and leave me a nice comment about it, eh?
Oh and my living room is still full of wire and boxed speakers. Which is making me feel very unhappy.
I think I'll go back to bed.
Dished up by Lynn around 10:53 AM | Comments (21) | Trackback (0) February 25, 2005 Apologies 
It seems quite a few people have been trying to leave a comment but getting blocked for "questionable content". After much searching it appears my MT_Blacklist has www. listed as a spam site which means everyone who left their URL will have been blocked from leaving a comment. I have no idea how it's happened:it really wasn't me cross-my-heart-may-all-my-hair-drop-out-should-I-be-lying!!!
I'm hoping this is fixed it now. If it isn't then I'm at a loss as to what to do about it. 
*sigh* Sometimes I really hate technology.
PS The rooms are almost finished. I can't wait because I'm rapidly heading toward a this-is-doing-my-head-in meltdown. I'm just going to have to start saying "no" to Mark, even if he does bat those Sad Sam eyes at me. 
Dished up by Lynn around 12:29 AM | Comments (3) | Trackback (0) February 23, 2005 Changing Rooms 
I'll be busy the next few days changing the rooms round so that we can fit in these humongous speakers that Mark has bought.
I've had a couple of emails to say that MT is denying comments on BC&O for questionable content. I've no idea what's going on there so I've been into the config and tweaked a few things. Hopefully it's sorted now. Sorry about that.
I'll be back soon :)
Dished up by Lynn around 12:14 PM | Comments (3) | Trackback (0) February 21, 2005 Bitch, Moan and a Ray Of Sunshine 
If it's not bad enough that I've become a World of Warcraft Widow I've now had salt rubbed into the wound by Mark having the Mother of All Speakers delivered.
Now I know he's waited a very long time and saved very hard for these symbols of priapic manhood a very good sound system but they are currently sitting boxed in my hall. And my hall is not very big. And they are very large. And I keep falling over them.
My hall has been piled high with boxes since the new year. Michelle's stuff was stored there while she waited for all the legals to be sorted on the house she now rents. I consoled myself with knowing that it was only temporary and would soon be gone.
But the boxes are back. And although I know that these too should be temporary I am faced with some major furniture re-arranging before that can happen. Mark assures me that this must happen or else the system won't sound right. I'm going to have to take his word on this because, with my hearing loss, I won't be able to hear any difference from the system we already have.
I have a sneaky suspicion that I'm having the Wool Pulled Over My Eyes but I can't prove it.
There'd better be some serious Sucking Up done on his part, involving much making-of-tea-and-supply-of-cake on demand to keep me happy. Or else there could be Big Trouble.
In other news, I've attended the first meet-up of the new local druidic seedgroup in my area. There were 8 of us and it went extremely well. It's going to be wonderful having group ritual and we're already throwing ideas around about where we could meet up for out-side ritual and how to get the group advertised a little more. They're all very nice people. Very, very nice people. Once we're in the swing of things it'll be great fun.
I think I'll go and find Mark. It's about time he made me another cup of tea.
Dished up by Lynn around 02:11 PM | Comments (3) | Trackback (0) February 20, 2005 Whoever Invented Online RPGs.... 
...should have their keyboard confiscated and the plug pulled on their Internet access. 
And probably grounded with their pocket money stopped for the next 40 years.
What's with this having games you can play online anyway? Isn't it enough that there are RPGs available for umpteen different games consoles? Gajillions of them. I know because the men in my life have spent wazillions buying them.
I don't want a company producing something that is going to have my husband on the PC 24/7. 
It's not the fact that it costs money for the monthly subscription. Would I complain about money? Well, would I? Of course not. It's that I can't get at the damned computer anymore. It's regularly taken. And it's very frustrating.
Can you tell I'm upset about this? Well, wouldn't you be?
Exactly.
Don't these people know I have my needs? I can't just live for my knitting, you know. I need other things to obsess about. Like reading blogs and writing comments. Don't they know this? Well, don't they?
Fine. If it carries on like this I could well be filing for divorce. On the grounds of mental cruelty. And citing Blizzard as co-respondent...
Dished up by Lynn around 11:35 PM | Comments (5) | Trackback (0) February 18, 2005 MT Comment Answer 
Thanks to the wonderful Shelagh of Small Packages, I now have email notification of comments being left. Here, in her own words, is what she told me to do:
"There is a 'feature', ie, bug, in that MT will not notify you of comments that are in the moderation queue, however MT-Blacklist will. You need to check your MT-B setup. Firstly go into 'Plugin' and make sure it's active - the default is to be inactive. Next go into 'Configure' and see if it's set to send you notifications."
She's told me how to get the Typekey thingy working too but I'm still fiddling with that - I use a sub-domain so it makes using Typekey slightly different.
Can I say publicly that Shelagh is The Bestest Web-Hostess Ever. If you're looking for web hosting for your blog she is definitely the person to talk to.
In other good news, Eliza is blogging again. Go and say hello to her. I know she'll appreciate it. :)
Dished up by Lynn around 10:06 PM | Comments (2) | Trackback (0) February 17, 2005 What Am I Doing Wrong? 
MT isn't notifying me when comments are left, even though I have it checked in the config. Why is that?
And how do I get this Typekey thingy working?
I'm having a no brainer day. I wish it was the weekend.
Dished up by Lynn around 10:31 PM | Comments (4) | Trackback (0) February 16, 2005 A Conversation At The Dinner Table 
Son 2: Hey, have you seen that weird guy who sings with his tongue out?
Makes strange gurning faces and waves his arms about
Son 1: He doesn't do that. 
Son 1 imitates Son 2
Son 2; Yes he does. He sings with his tongue out like this;
Starts gurning and waving his arms about again
Son 1: No. He. Doesn't. His tongue doesn't stick out like that.
Son 2: OK then. Like this;
Does a different type of gurning
Son 1: That's it! He's not as good as Electric 6. Gay Bar is ace.
Both sing Gay Bar whilst eating their chips.
*sigh* Sometimes it's hard being the only woman in the house...
Dished up by Lynn around 04:45 PM | Comments (4) | Trackback (0) 
March 2005	 
Sun	 Mon	 Tue	 Wed	 Thu	 Fri	 Sat	 
 	  	 1	 2	 3	 4	 5	
 6	 7	 8	 9	 10	 11	 12	
 13	 14	 15	 16	 17	 18	 19	
 20	 21	 22	 23	 24	 25	 26	
 27	 28	 29	 30	 31	  	  	 
Moon Pie 
Planetary Hour: 	
Past Yumminess March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 For Starters Important: If this is your first visit to B, C and O then before you do anything else, please Read Me Contact Lynn: bellisb [@] bellis [.] blogon [.] com (remove square brackets and spaces) About Lynn - 100 Things B, C and O featured in The Observer Dips and Dunkers Aortal Link: Penguin-lovin' Troll Mamma The Goodies Stash BC&O's Super Seven 2004: Clair Eliza Glovefox Popdog Rue Sal Susan The Chocolate Box Lots of deliciously tasty blogs here: In The Cupboard MIA/AWOL Gone but not forgotten... 50* North Alive and Bloggin' All That Jazz Analyzing My Delusions A Pale Reflection Arse Biscuits Barbara Fletcher Beneath The Calm Beyond Contestation Bingobowden Bloing C and A Colourfool Confessions of December Diary of a Nobody Drumfan Jay's Notes Much Of Something New Handbag & Pink Shoes No More ozone PurryMeow Ren's Nonsense Sunset Journal The Bright Field Tripping On Reality Yummy Rings «#?» Blogging Brits «#?» BlogxPhiles «#?» BelleBlogs «#?» Blogging Bitches «#?» Blogs by Women «#?» Blogoholics Anonymous «#?» Euro Blogs «#?» Girls Blog UK «#?» In MY Opinion «#?» plus forties «#?» Sacred Circle «#?» Six Degrees « i am a person of size » drawing down the moon )O( Oh my Goddess! Merry Meet! « Aries » I LURVE Chocolate « # veggie blogs ? » Tasty Resources Ageless Project Aortal ASAP Autumn Leaves Eatonweb Portal Globe of Blogs Hot Flashes No Spring Chicken Take A Bite (XML) Valid RSS Powered by Movable Type 3.15 Hosted by the wonderful Shelagh of Small Packages! The template and words belong to Me! var site="s10daisydaisy" 