
=====================================================================
A Passive-Aggressive Life
=====================================================================
 BlogThis!  A Passive-Aggressive Life  
A mind numbing ramblefest concerning everything Rick. Hop on, read away and comment if you wish. Thanks for stopping by.
About Me
Name:Ricky D 
Location:Italy 
I am crazy. Everything else should be evident within the confines of these pages. Contact me at chacho_nips at hotmail dot com. 
View my complete profile 
Previous Posts
* Happy St. Patrick's Day? 
* Before you go off all half-cocked.. Read on... 
* Anonymous Comments. 
* A Short Story. 
* This Time I've Really Gone And Done... It? 
* "Look What I Can Do!" 
* Ooh... I'm changing the name of my blog... 
* Just Wait Until My Next Post Where I Say I Can't Wait Until You Die. 
* The Novel Idea. 
* Happy Birthday! 
Archives
* December 2004   
* January 2005   
* February 2005   
* March 2005  
March's Quote: "Hey Ron Bacardi called. He wants his balls back." c/o Throb
A Few Good Links:
Giddy's Site; The Ocho
Casey's Blog
Throb's Story
Tooting My Own Horn; Rick's Recommended Reads:
Some poems.
More poems.
Anti-Aircraft Sock.
Bending The Rules.
Joni the Muse.
The Divorce.
Drama!
A Post for my Parents.
Even more poems.
Destroying the Credibility of WW.
Happy Birthday BubbleBrain!
I Can't Believe That Just Happened!
F to the U!
The Day After...
The One With The Eating And The Pussy.
An Explicit Short Story.
Free Hit Counter 
This top one shows unique "users" while the bottom one is every single hit I get.
Free Hit Counter
I'm having problems getting these to show up consistently. If you know of a more reliable (and free) web hit counter site, send me an e-mail. Thanks and happy surfing!
Thursday, March 17, 2005
Happy St. Patrick's Day?  
First, we chronicle yesterday's events. Then we crush the dissidents. I, my friends, am a fine man. I am a good man and a smart man. I consider myself to be somewhat of a fucking genius. And I attribute my feelings towards being of said status to what I like to call "The Eye". "The Eye" is my internal cameraman. "The Eye" never gets drunk, but tends to take the night off whenever I get... you know. High on KO(pectate). Sidenote: Try it. Snort that shits and you'll be screaming at Linda Carter to "Get you're fucking clothes off and give the damn Bee a lap dance, BITCH!!" No, I'm not fucked up (drunk), but I am fucked up (wear a ballsac necklace crazy). I'm in a weird mood tonight. And I'm sweating like crazy right now. I turned off the heat and opened the windows but feel no relief from the heat. Listening to Yanni right now so nothing you can say to me can stop the flow... Dude, track 8 on the Yanni Tribute album is so arousing... I could go for that stuff that I used to have. You know, it came in a box... /Sidenote So anyways, last night the Eye (through with the quotation marks and the capital t) got some decent footage. One second I'm calmly finishing up my post, posting it, trying to edit it... Next thing I'm staring at myself in the mirror with the most terrifying look on my face. I broke my bathroom sink. Apparently I was very angry at Blogger (backtrack to my previous post's comments and you'll figure it out; I don't remember posting the comment I put in parentheses...). So I tried to fix my sink, but I was way too messed up to get the pipes back in working order. So, I was humbled and took my toothbrush and toothpaste upstairs and brushed my teeth there. And again, I made the responsible decision to go to bed before midnight. And I also sent some weird message to my sister. Anywho, that was the "best of" of my night. There's probably more, but... I have bigger fish to fry. Be on the lookout for much better material tomorrow. MUCH better material. And now, my dearest Ponch. My friend until the end, who I would never send around the bend until I could mend the current trend where people pretend to defend but instead they tend to rend these words I've penned... And now to all the haters out there. Fuck to the off. And now, seriously, time for the rebuttal. You obviously missed my "interview with a committee who decides whether or not you are allowed to 'graduate'" portion of the essay. While your words moved me and they certainly hit a few tender spots, I have to admit that I was disappointed that you overlooked that part. The committee will be made up of people of different classes. Look, as I made reasonably clear earlier, I am not the smartest man alive, but I think I'm pretty damn close. The whole process of your schooling will be evaluated, to include your personal life. Each committee member will be assigned a certain number of students and will monitor them. Yes, I'm talking about "1984" 'Big Brother' type shit, but... The end result will be something "The Old 'StashMan" himself would have creamed in his pants over. See, eventually what we're talking about is someone crazy smart like me running things in the old Ovarian office. Yes, I just said "Ovarian office." That's what it'll be called when I'm the Prez. And I'll go through the grueling task of interviewing every "committee" member. This whole thing will be EXTREMELY INTENSIVE. Extremely. I have no desire to arbitrarily execute people; running the risk that I'll be killing off the next Steve Vai. So, you see, your son will be safe in my new society. So now I'm off to continue being drunk at work. I'm backdating this post because I completed at least 90% of it on the 17th. I just didn't get it posted.Peace, Ricky D P.S. Damn it feels good to be a gangster. 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:59 PM  3 comments    
Wednesday, March 16, 2005
Before you go off all half-cocked.. Read on...  
Let's start with a poem-ish thing that I was "rapping" on the way home today.Not Untitled, Just No Titleby Rick 2 Tha E 2 Tha DMake your life a crime of passionThere's no reason for this trashin'But my ex-wife has no compassionGot too drunk and now I'm crashingUp! on my bike againOhp! There's the light againOhp! Is it night again?Ohp! Am I right again?I don't knowBut I knowI gotta tell this hoWho's on a rollWho's out of controlWhy don't you goSmoke a poleRide me like a foalMake you pay a tollIn coalGive it to a trollIt's my new goalTo eat your ass wholeAsshole?And we'll stop there... So, during my new March Madness Challenge I've decided that for the last half of it I will start to try and put up a blog a day recounting the prior evening's festivities. Hopefully it won't be too intensive though. So here goes my entry for last night.I thought I took it easy-ish last night. I think my tolerance is improving though... So, I was working on my "Stupid People" expoundation (not a word...) and having a few drinks last night. Everything was going pretty well. At some point I took a break from it to check out "The Ocho." I decided to write a review for the FAQ section on the site (which is wicked pisser I might add; check it out and ask a question - you'll be pleasantly surprised at the outcome). I'm pretty sure I sort of fell asleep-ish (blacked out/passed out) for a few minutes there. I wrote this review that made absolutely no sense and I don't remember writing most of it. Here's the worst part: I became coherent again shortly after that and decided to just hit submit and go to bed because I was "tired". I shut down my computer, brushed my teeth, took my glasses off and went to bed. Didn't pass out like normal. I actually made a conscious decision at a reasonable hour to go to sleep... Not like the night before where I woke up with all the lights on, my glasses still on my face and my AK-47 AirSoft gun across my chest. Yeah, so... There be my hijinx for last night. Time to do it all over again. There, that wasn't so bad.And now for the meat and potatoes of today's post, or so I hope...Should Stupid People Be Allowed To Live?On Gid's site, he put up a poll saying "Should stupid people be allowed to talk?" I, of course, voted no. And I made a comment about it. And here it is:"I believe stupid people shouldn't be allowed to live. There is no room here for people that can't pull their own weight. I mean, it is insensitive, but I'm only thinking of the species here. While stupid people do bother me, I would almost never actually kill them. And if they died, I would feel bad for their family. But, I would be glad that they didn't have any more opportunities to poison our planet and our people. The problem is, while Darwin's Law usually takes care of the problems that ravage our society; we've gone soft. With all of our "safety briefings" and "scientific and medicinal breakthroughs", we keep people alive that should have died years ago. Instead, we nurture them to adulthood so that they can procreate. WHAT KIND OF SHIT IS THAT?!?!?! You should need a license to have a child. Seriously. Unprotected sex should be against the law unless you get a permit saying you are fit to reproduce. I mean, you take two TOTAL morons. So stupid they can't tell up from tree. And then you give them the permission to reproduce. Are you trying to inundate this world with... zombies? It's like that joke; "I see dumb people. They walk around like everyone else and they don't know they're dumb..." I think I'll expound on this at a later date. PEACE! Ricky D"So, here I am, expounding. I'm probably offending some people with this. It's a risk I'm willing to take. And if you're not rash and if you're patient enough, you may see why I am saying what I am saying. You may not agree, but at least you'll understand.First of all, I must admit that the first line of my comment was a little off. As soon as I wrote it I thought "I shouldn't say that, because it's not going to be understood in the context I want it to be understood in." Hence the, "I would never kill them" part. What I meant was (as you read on) I think we should do our best to weed the "stupid" genes out of our pool. But, of course, my policy is typically to leave what is already written (unless it's misspelled or completely erroneous) and try to repair the "damage" with more words. I think I do pretty decently sometimes. Sometimes, not so much. But, either way, if you totally flip out about something I write and don't ask me "WTF, mate?" you're not worth my time anyway. Just how I operate.Alright, so "What the Hell do you have against stupid people, Rick? Why can't you just accept them and move on?" First off; here's an interesting exercise. Replace stupid with a race and ask someone who hates that race that question... Not much to do with this whole thing, and I'm definitely not a racist, but may give you a little insight. I think I'll skirt this question for now, though, and discuss my reasons for wanting to weed them out. As it has been discussed in the past (not at length... Gid is to blame for that) we are becoming weak. And that is dangerous for us. We have prevailed against overwhelming odds to become the freedom loving society that we are today. Not to mention air breathing, opposable thumb wielding bipeds... I mean, think of evolution (if you believe in it), ice ages, the big bang, creationism in general, the plague, ebola, HIV, The Tower of Babel (again, if you believe), whatever wiped out the dinosaurs... Read "A Short History of Nearly Everything" by Bill Bryson (the intro says it all) and you'll know what I'm talking about. Believe me, it's worth the time. A fantastic read. It definitely gets the old noggin cranking away... But "Let's not sucking eachother's dicks just yet gentlemen. We've got a lot of work to do." Anywho, the fact remains that no matter where we started from or what's happened in between, it would be a damn shame if it all ended and there wasn't anything left to show for it. I mean imagine if the complete works of Shakespeare were just simply gone. Imagine if every powerful moment in our Earth's history was wiped from all knowledge... That's what would probably happen if the world had another ice age or something out of "Armageddon" happened right now. While I am pretty confident in the ingenuity of my fellow homo-sapiens, I don't think we're prepared enough for such a scenario. Another thing to consider is talked about in this article. Basically has to do with the magnetic poles changing/switching. Who knows what will happen then? And of course there is always the whole "Sun going supernova or running out of 'gas'" thing... While that may be millions of years away, you have to admit our planet is guaranteed to become inhospitable to our species eventually. And so... We need to prepare for these things. We're smart enough to start really pursuing such endeavors, but I personally believe that the stupid people of the world are holding us back. I mean, we can't have our species diluted by weak, incompetent idiots... Yeah, I'm starting to sound like a White Supremacist here, but this has nothing to do with race. Read on and be not blinded by thyself. So, why can't I just shut up and deal with stupid people being a part of my life? When I was about 17 my Father took me on a fishing trip. Against my will. Made me fail a college English class that I was taking over the summer to go. But I'm not bitter (That's called sarcasm). One night while he was doing shots of whiskey and chasing it with beer he asked me what I wanted to do with my life. (He asked this because it was the first time we had spent almost any real time together since I was like 11 or so. He kind of ran away for about ten years.) Anywho, I told him I wanted to make a mark, make a difference, be remembered. Be remembered. (He told me "No no no. You don't want that. You got to find something you're good at and do it the best you can." While I think that's good advice, I've always thought to myself who the fuck is he to tell me what I do and do not want? Who is he to give me advice on how to live my life?... I think I really need to get on here and tell my whole Father story...) I've always wanted to be remembered. That's why I took to this website with all the fervor of a pig in heat. This will help me be remembered. So, anyhow, if my broadest life's goal is to be remembered, you can imagine my immense fear of the idea of the world ending without a trace of our existence surviving. And if I can't count the days I've wasted at the mercy of stupid people on both hands... We need a change.The plan: An evaluation system. Your schooling (up until High School Graduation) will be a test of your "IQ" if you will. And once you've completed all of your prerequisites, you go before a committee for an interview. Of course, we would implement a checks and balances system to ensure that the committee was fit to do their jobs - all the normal bureaucratic bullshit associated with such an office applies. After the extensive interview you are "judged". Either fit to function in our society or not. If you're not... The decision on what happens next shouldn't be up to me, but here are a few ideas. Give them the option to be put to death. We can use their blood and organs to save smart people or for scientific research. Slave labor camps. Everything that the smart people don't want to do can be done by them. Only closely monitored by cameras and armed guards. Or JoJo's idea: Put them all in Australia and make it a 24/7 reality show. While certainly it would turn out to be quite entertaining, there is no room in my "new society" for reality TV. We've just got too much going on. Entertainment of all sorts is cool, but reality TV is just... Blech. The other big change would be reproduction licenses. Any unauthorized pregnancies/births would be confiscated by the government and placed into a program akin to the one in "Soldier". Smart or stupid alike, if you don't get a license, the kid is gone. That's how we would keep our armies full. Likely we wouldn't need armies much anymore, but at least we'd have something to fight against bad aliens when they come to destroy us.So... You're thinking this whole thing is pretty inhumane. But isn't the fourth requirement for being alive (according to those damn Biologists) reproduction? "...Creating organisms similar to itself." Well... Personally, I believe I've evolved. Not only do I feel the need to reproduce, but I want to ensure the survival of the species. And while fucking every stray woman I meet may help, I can't help thinking of the impending doom facing our society if we don't stop the flood of stupid people inundating our great world. It all sort of goes back to the "Shoot the hostage" idea from "Speed". Is it worth it? Oppressing or eliminating hundreds of millions if not billions of people to save the species? I think yes. You know what? Fuck yes. Our survival is too important to be watered down by daisies and sunshine you fucking hippy. Until we have "diversified our assets" and figured out a way to rapidly evac or save this planet somehow, stupid people have no room in our society. I mean, you never know... Potentially, I could be writing my transdimensional teleport thesis right now if it weren't for stupid people and how much they bother and affect me. Likely, though, without stupid people I wouldn't exist... But that's a price I'm willing to pay. Oh, and I think (speaking of prices) that commercialism and possibly money should be done away with. It would come down to another committee that would decide if you were a productive member of society or not. And, again, I'm not the expert nor should I be, but as long as you had previously been deemed smart, you would only come away with some jail time or something like that...Questions, comments? You know the avenues which you must travel down. Anything else. Consult "The Ocho." I will certainly be expounding upon the parts that don't make any sense when I'm back in IL away from you crazy bastards. Before then, I will answer any questions you have for me.Ok. I love you guys. You're the reason I write. The reason I live. The reason I love.Peace.Ricky DP.S. Yo yo yo Ponch! If you're there, pick up. How's the wife doing? She was working on a play the last I heard. ... She's one of the many reasons I still write. How's the little man? My last correspndence didn't include him, so hopefully he hasn't... Died. become a woman, started growing up looking like you (shuddering at the thought), watched any movies that might have made him think about joining up. Hopefully he has... Started using the saying "Do you remember the movie Brad Pitt came out in with the fighting and the clubbing?" I loved you two for that saying. "Came out in..." Instead of Brad Pitt "starred in Seven and Fight Club, just to name a few", it was "Brad Pitt... He came out in Seven and that Fight Club Movie, right?" Not to say that he wasn't an unbelieveable specimen of man... But, it was the uncontrollability that made me comment... Everybody pretty much knows me yet I've became some sort super duper Squad movements.... Damn... I have no idea what that means or where that comes from... Hopefully someone can keep me up to date. 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:12 PM  7 comments    
Friday, March 11, 2005
Anonymous Comments.  
It appears that the system is down, yo. So why not sign up for a blogger account? It's free and it takes less than five minutes. Also, you don't actually need to blog, but if you ever feel the need, you'd already be ready! So, while you're doing whatever you decide to do, remember to peruse my site (Short story below this and fave posts on the left) and e-mail me with comments if you decide not to sign up. Ok, I'm out.Peace,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:25 AM  1 comments    
Sunday, March 06, 2005
A Short Story.  
"You tempt meLike something out of an erotic horror novelDripping with blood, sweat, tears...I swim in your trustBut I drown in your lustAll the pleasureAnd all the painI want youI fear youYet still I come for you"Rick made his way off the stage and sat down at his table. That went well, he thought to himself. He sipped his drink and savored the rush of the reading. It always made him feel so heady. And afterward so relaxed. Like true peace and serenity were only available to him in this moment and without it he would always be tense and edgy. Suddenly his eyes grew a little wider and the hair on the back of his neck stood up."An erotic horror novel?" inquired a woman's voice behind him. A voice that strikes through the ears and hammers the heart with all of it's soft, sensuous sultriness. His back spasmed at the shock of it.He shot bolt upright and spun to face the body of this terrifyingly entrancing voice. "Yes!" Rick hurriedly replied, and with a considerable amount of gesturing managed to continue, "I'm sorry, you startled me. Um... I'm Rick.""I know, I'm Karyn, with a 'y'," Karyn said as she leaned in with her hand extended. "I know-, I just believe the 'y' defines me a little bit. Do you know what I mean?""Yes, I do." Rick said very slowly. He took her hand and shook it; equally as slowly. He was dazed. His heart beat so erratically, he was starting to get winded and sweat was beading on his forehead. He felt like he might pass out. Every time she spoke it felt like his chest was going to explode. It reminded him of being in high school; falling in love with every pretty girl that smiled at him. But now he was really seeing her. Karyn had a beauty that could have started wars. And it may well have. She made your lower lip go slack; but you didn't notice or care, really. But she seemed embarrassed by it. Shy, and maybe a little coy. And that only made her more alluring. Except, it emboldened Rick. He felt that she was almost telling him that she found him just as enticing."May I join you, Rick?" Karyn asked."Please do," was his reply as he smiled warmly at her. He felt put at ease. He pulled out a chair for her at his table."So, erotic horror; I'm not really familiar with that genre."Rick laughed a soft laugh as he sat down. "Actually, you probably are. I think a very good example of erotic horror would be some books on Vampirism. The seduction of the fair, nubile woman by the vampire is where the erotic horror comes in. The scene often starts with romantic dialogue, especially by the charismatic vampire, escalates into kissing and groping and then... The bite. You want to scream at the woman to run, but at the same time you don't because you know that in this moment she wants nothing more. Even if the vampire kills her. Even if he sucks every last drop of blood out of her and drops her lifeless corpse to the ground and leaves her there never to think of her again, you are still aroused by the romance and beauty of the scene. The way she yearns for him to take her. The way she groans against his lips and the way she moans when he bites her and the blissful look on her face as he drinks her in.""Wow," Karyn said. She took a deep breath. "Are you planning on doing anymore readings tonight?" The sentence came in a rush, all of the words crashing into eachother as they poured out."No, actually I was planning on finishing my drink and heading out. Why?""Well, I was thinking, um, well..." she paused to let out what seemed to be an exasperated sigh. "That really turned me on."Rick made a sound like he had just swallowed his tongue and Karyn started laughing nervously. A moment passed. Rick made another sound, accompanied by a twitching gesture and suddenly gulped down the rest of his drink. "Ready?"Karyn nodded and swallowed. "Quite ready." was her breathless reply.As they made their way outside Rick said "You know, I've always wanted to say this, but it sounds so cheesy-""Ha ha, Your place or mine?" Karyn beat him to the punch."Hmph, Yeah..." Rick said dejectedly."Aww, I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you. I live in the apartment building across the street, so I vote mine.""I second that." Rick said.She grabbed his hand and started running across the street since there were no cars coming. Her hands were so soft and smooth, Rick was struck by the idea that they couldn't be any more perfect. They weren't too soft or too smooth; they seemed deft yet gentle... He involuntarily began constructing a poem about her in his head. It was completely reflexive. The words just started appearing in his mind. His throat caught as he almost let some of them out of his mouth.They were in the elevator when it started. The door closed and she slammed him against the wall. But she moved so fast his heart stopped in utter panic. Something was not right. She didn't seem to notice and she started kissing his neck and rubbing his chest. Thoughts started to bounce around in his head. He grabbed her by the back of the neck and pulled her up to his lips. He didn't care. This could be the fulfillment of a life long fantasy. He wasn't going to pass it up. He spun her around so her back was against the wall."Ooh. Agressive." she said as she looked at him with a smirk on her face."Not usually." he said between kisses, "But when I really want something I make sure I do everything in my power to get it.""Oh really? Is this what you want, 'Count'?" she asked as she pulled up her dress.Ah, is it just role-playing?, he thought to himself. She has to be in amazing shape to move that fast, though... It just - Do I want it too bad? Maybe... He simply nodded at her. She groaned and ripped her panties off, again with lightning speed. He wasn't as startled this time, though. It was becoming natural. This is really going to happen. What if this is real? And what if... Let's try not to think about that... She fished his penis out of his pants. A thought occurred to him."Protection?""Patch.""Mmm.""Mmhmm."As he slid in she quivered a little and her eyes rolled back. He noticed that they got a little redder for a moment. He felt a pang of fear again. What if...? He started thrusting away, not able to completely concentrate. That silent scream continued on in his head. She was staring at him with gritted teeth breathing heavily."Please," she said.He started thrusting harder. She felt so good. He told her so. She was so warm. How could she be so warm? Maybe the legends are all skewed...He lost control of the poet..."I want to take youBeyondI want to take youForeverI need to have youI need youMy DesireSears my empty chestI must have youAre you ready, my love?"He breathed these words in her ear as they continued their ascent. Suddenly, she slammed the emergency stop button while they were still two floors below hers. She stared deep into his eyes and clenched onto his shoulders. "Take me!" she demanded. And he bit her. Hard. Hard enough to draw a little blood. It tasted delicious to him. And it was like pressing a button for her. She shuddered and moaned; threw her head back and wailed an almost guttural scream. And that was the button for him. He came inside her truly believing that his fantasy was going to come true. If I can make her feel that way, she must want me to be with her... Please...She looked down at him in complete contentment. She smiled at him and played with his hair. Finally she reset the elevator and took him to her apartment. They went straight to the bedroom and started making love. He kissed every inch of her body. And then he went down on her. She spun herself around and took him inside her mouth. Again they came at the same time. He laid her on her stomach and massaged her back. He got aroused again and she laid him on his back. She was riding him passionately and couldn't tear her eyes from his. He knew. And he wanted it. Please, he thought again. She nodded."Will you be with me forever, Rick? Will you be my mate, and I yours? Will you willingly leave your mortal life behind and bond with me?" she asked him.That silent scream rose up in his head again. Almost loud enough to drown out all other thoughts. "Take me." he said and smiled.And she transformed. Her muscles started to swell and ripple. He felt her vagina clench down on his penis until it almost hurt. Dark velvety wings sprouted from her back and she flapped them once. Like someone might crack their fingers or stretch their legs. Her skin grew a dark tan and her face stretched out slightly. A row of razor sharp teeth emerged from inside her mouth and long claws appeared on the ends of her finger tips. Her eyes started to cloud up with a red fluid until they were completely blood red.She smiled and said "'Are you ready, my love?'" just before she ripped open his chest cavity exposing his heart. Spots appeared in his eyes and he screamed out. He couldn't believe the pain. But he kept thrusting. She tore his heart out and put it in her mouth; chewing it several times before leaning over to kiss him. She let the blood from the chewed up heart flow into his mouth and he swallowed it. His thrusting had turned into something more like twitching. Now the claws on her fingers started to glow a light blue as she used them to mend his chest. He began to feel better. He began to feel the power. She started to transform back. Her eyes were still red and she still had her claws, but everything else had returned to normal. He followed her example. It felt right. He dug his claws deep into her lower back and she howled. He started pumping her up and down with his claws dug in. She looked at him in pure elation. He could feel her flesh growing back over his claws and could feel himself gaining more leverage to handle her. As they climaxed together for the third time, the air began to swirl around them. Suddenly there was a feeling in his chest; he could feel a part of her there. And she could feel him too. They were bonded forever. And then..."I told you I'd make it up to you."-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------A shout out goes to Casey for inspiring me to want to write one of these. I had a heck of a time writing it and it's in need of some editing in my opinion, but I wanted to get it out there for everyone to see and comment/critique. Let me know if you guys have any suggestions or what you think. For the ending I also thought of writing "I'm hungry, love." Buh. I enjoyed the story and once I finally got rolling with it I didn't want to end it... Oh well. Again, let me know what you think. I'm out everyone.Peace,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 8:57 PM  2 comments    
Thursday, March 03, 2005
This Time I've Really Gone And Done... It?  
It's a blogging bonanza! One post a day for four days? That might be some sort of record for lazy do-nothings like me. Although, I also have four or so days straight getting "drunk". I put drunk in quotation marks because as I eluded to several days ago, I'm trying to ramp up my tolerance. I suppose there was no eluding to anything. I'm pretty sure I used those exact words. Anywho, on to our top stories.I gained ten pounds today. Not really, but I feel like it. It all started after a raucous display of "Combat Proud". Sidenote: First say with me the phrase "The U.S will put forth every effort to combat terrorism." Now say "The U.S. will put forth every effort to combat proud." Puts it all in perspective doesn't it? They're doing it on purpose people. The whole program is a ruse to drive us away so they can claim lowered retention/recruitment rates and introduce a program likened to "Soldier" or "Halo". By Halo I mean the books... By Soldier I mean the Kurt Russel movie. "I'm going to kill them all, Sir." And with Jason Lee (that's his name, right?) who went from being Bruce Lee sized (The Dragon...) to being... Like "Holy Shit" The Rock sized. That's like me turning into Chad overnight... Not really since the two movies were probably years apart, but I blame that little analogy on Ron Bacardi. Fuck that guy. /Sidenote So, we get back to the shop and I'm standing by the "bar" with Rue Paul (Does that guy even know what a computer is? No offense meant, of course. Lord knows I love the guy to death. I would ask if he peruses the site, but I doubt the answer to my previous question is affirmative; therefore, I assume the answer to that question would be... No? Like the opposite of... Yes? If you turn your head when you read the last word you might get... It?) when he suggests that I should try and stuff my mouth with Tootsie Rolls for fun (like the whole Chubby Bunny thing; stuff your mouth with as many marshmallow's as you can until you can no longer say "Chubby Bunny"). So I did, for fun. And fun it was. I got about fifteen or so in there, he only did around ten, and Throb did around eight or nine. Also, we added a green apple Starburst for flavor. Believe me, it totally changed the experience. It was barely bearable (get it?) with said Bursting Star. Otherwise it was... Horrifying? Turn the head, damn you. Damn... You? Anywho, after finally settling down and chewing up all these damned rolls of tootsie (which took at least a half hour), we spent some time staring at eachother saying "I think I'm going to die" and other up-lifting statements. And that's when the sugar kicked in for me. I ate instant oatmeal out of the packet (probably almost a whole packet), instant oatmeal out of the packet combined with Countrytime Pink Lemonade "crystals", chocolate flavored Malt-O-Meal poured from the spout into my mouth (is that what it was called? I don't even remember.), some expired Honey Graham Crackers, a Bratwurst (on a bun with cheese) and a Burger (on a bun with cheese). The last two items were actually semi-cooked... So needless to say I went all "nutso" and started trying to clean out the cabinets at the shop. And now I think all of that dried stuff combined with the chocolate are making me super bloated. And the point of this story is nothing. Except I haven't imploded or exploded yet, so take that... Mike? (L.) Moving on.I've lost my damn pussy. And I must admit, it was semi-intentional. On a sidenote, Mel made it back home safe and sound-ish. She checks the blog every now and again, so if you want to post comments for her do so. Also, I can forward messages to her e-mail if you so desire. Back to the main story (I hope at least a couple of people thought that was funny), it should be no surprise to plenty of you out there that I don't exactly appreciate all of the things my cat "Nermal" brings to the table. I'm just not big into cats. I like the ones that just sit around, but the spazoid ones (like Nermal) kind of drive me up a wall. And while I haven't exactly been actively trying to get rid of her (I asked "Catman" if he'd take her... He said no...), I definitely won't be taking her with me when I leave... Well, I came home today to find the shot glass I've been using to measure my two shots of Bacardi to one can of soda had been knocked from my kitchen counter to the floor - shattering it into about... 30 or so pieces. I would have said a million, but I didn't want to get all overdramatic. Now, my dogs may have been able to jump the four or so feet up onto the counter, but I catch Nermal up there just about 75 percent of the time I walk into the kitchen while she's in there as well. So obviously I blame her. My first order of business has always been and will always be letting my dogs out. So I do this, but leave the door open a little longer hoping Nermal would go out with them; hoping she would jump the fence; hoping she would run away and never come back. So far, all of my hopes have been fulfilled. Leaving me a bit on the side of the guilty... Of course, I should inform you that she has been in the backyard several times, she has jumped the fence several times (I've seen her do it twice and Mel said she saw her at least once...) and she has been back every time I've let her in. Until this evening. Maybe it was the snow or maybe she got run over or taken in, but her explorations are not leading her back to our house. I check the back door about every ten minutes and have been doing so since about 7 pm (it's 20 to 11)... So, anywho, if you happen to see a grey smear near Maniago let me know so I'll be able to finally toss all of this cat stuff. Does Catman surf this site? I have a scratching post and a litter box he might be interested in... Sorry, I'm about six sheets to the breeze (you cannot imagine how hard that was to type, I probably hit the backspace key a dozen times...) so please forgive all of the bluntness. I never really like letting her out of the house because I always thought something bad would happen to her. Now, all of a sudden, I kind of hope something bad happens to her and she hasn't come back... I just hope her stupid ass didn't cause an accident or anything out there. It is uncharacteristically snowing out there. It started around 4 pm or so and hasn't let up yet. Time to check on the snow and the cat. Still snowing (only a couple of inches, but might be enough to delay having to go to work), still no cat. Worst part is as soon as I got my car back (yes, it's still at Sandro's) I was going to take her that weekend to the BX and try and give her away. I suppose it was destiny though. I didn't get the car back in time, she broke my shot glass before I got my car... It's almost like she was asking for it. The cosmic clincher will be if I get my car tomorrow. Then I'll be able to blame it squarely on her. I mean, she's a cat, right? She should have known. Maybe she did, and decided that since she wasn't wanted anymore she would go jump off the Maniago bridge or something... Oh well. I suppose the whole thing makes my life easier in a sense. I'm still going to have to tell the Vet Clinic about it or something. Ok. I'm too drunk and insensitive to talk about this subject anymore. Next thing you know I'm going to be admitting to tossing her over the bridge for whatever reason. "There's a 39 Buick blocking the driveway." On to bigger and better things, I hope.I'm learning how to holster my drink... I've started making my "beverages" in an empty "squeezey" Gatorade bottle. Makes it so it's ultra light, ultra handy and so I can fit it in the little drink holders on the arms of my "rocking chair" (It's like an Eddie Bauer fold out chair, hoosker-do, let me know if this "put you out"). So now I grab my Gatorade bottle real quick, take a swig and shove it back into it's holster. Just a little different sized holster than I was used to. Then again, I haven't been using my writing for personal gain... I have no idea what the heck I'm talking about there. I don't even remember writing it. Maybe I mean, if you know of a woman that would be interested in bossing around a spineless geek like me, let me know so I can pretend to call her and keep telling everyone I'm REALLY trying to find someone who's nice to me. Anywho, this didn't turn out EXACTLY the way I wanted it too, but it's nice to know others have our backs. So bring on the cacks.. Alright, so often so don't knowing if people who corrective I really had Alex Trabola... I don't know what that means either... Damn, what the hell? I think my damn Wordpad is possessed. I'm out of here before I start talking about choking my chicken. Preening Picky Poultry Pushes People Past Premature Pleasure. Puck Pou!Peace,For Real,Ricky DP.S. I made you look AGAIN! I made you look... Again? 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:51 PM  0 comments    
Wednesday, March 02, 2005
"Look What I Can Do!"  
Hey there blogfans! This isn't going to be one of my normal "Oh Lord will it ever end?" posts. I've been messing about with the layout of the site and am pleasantly pleased with myself. While some things just didn't work out, others are cruising along quite nicely. The "meat" of the site takes a little longer to load (at least for me) so please be patient. It's because I moved the counters to appear in the sidebar. What do you think? I also updated the "Quote of the month". And I included a few good links over there too. Feel free to peruse. I'll slowly fill up the entire side with every link I'll ever need so I can just make that my homepage and make it a true portal (for me) to every internet resource out there. Also, I learned how to do this...Ok, so maybe I don't have it down completely. I know I can use Hello and Flickr to do all of this for me, but I like the ability to resize the pic (it started out way too wide, but I was able to shrink it down with the html (*snort, snort*)) and then being able to put a post in there. A post the way I want it to roll. I did this all using html... Pretty neat, eh? It's actually not super difficult, but I learned something new, which is always exciting for me. Well, I learned something that I wanted to know... Learning about somebody's perpetually angry bowels doesn't excite me too much. Learning a little bit of html...? Pretty exciting. So,... This is a pic from the wedding. Obviously that's me on the far right. The guy with half his face being obscured by my arm is Ween and the mysterious hand appearing near Ween's feet is Mike's (C.). Mike was the only person that moved when I threw the garter. Pretty hilarious. I think he may have dove for it... Anywho, I'm just having a few drinks and messing about on the internet so I'm going to "boogie-down." Thanks for stopping by.Peace,Ricky DP.S. Made you look. 
posted by Ricky D @ 8:47 PM  3 comments    
Tuesday, March 01, 2005
Ooh... I'm changing the name of my blog...  
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to "A Passive-Agressive Life!" Starring your very own, Ricky D!Thank you, thank you. It's so good to be back. Let me start with a few corrections from last night's show. First off, www.gidrow.net is not just up and running, it is quite bad ass (that's wicked pisser for those of you in that select field of jingo-lingo). I still basically demand that you go there, sign up for log-in's with "The Ocho" and the forums and start utilizing all of the great things he's got going on over there. The forums are especially cool. Now we can all get on there and discuss everything and anything we wish. Without waiting for me to muck it all up with my bitter sarcasm. And I'll still get to do that, only over there... Anywho, go as soon as you're done reading this post and submitting a comment.Gid also mentioned that he wished my "frames" were a bit wider, so I'm messing with the template (I actually had to go into the html, this is pretty scary) to see if I can get anything to help out with that. E-mail me if you have problems with the site from now on. It looks way better on my computer, except I have "WIDESCREEN!!!" So, I still have a good three to four inches of screen I can fill up. But, I don't want to mess with anyone's "viewing pleasure." Just let me know what you think of the facelift, good bad or ugly...Anonymous commenters... I love the fact that people are getting on, reading enough to be able to say something and then typing it out. But, I would really love it if you would identify yourself... At least with a short "It's me, (Callsign/Nickname/Derivative)!" That way I'm not going "Good, I'm glad you think I must have gigantic balls and you can tell because men who have good vocabularies and still use made up words like 'ramblefest' always have gigantic balls, but, who in the world are you and when did you become an expert on ball size by blogging?" In short, please let me know who you are so I can thank you properly for your comments. Because no matter how trivial they may seem to you, they mean a good deal to me.A little clarification on all of the uses of the word "fuck" and other expletives. It was actually supremely intentional to use so much profanity. I've decided since the Google ads aren't really doing much for me anyhow, I'd inundate my page with expletives since I pretty much removed them all a couple weeks ago. Not that the only reason I wrote my blog last night was for that sole purpose. Only I knew that I would hold back if I kept the Google ads in mind. So I said "fuck them too" and went on my merry way. I got more rave reviews than I thought I would though. And I suppose it's on to the Q & A block of our program.Q: "How did I/he/she/it get left out of the 'fuck you' list?"A: Pure chance my friend. You may yet get your turn. I plan on doing a "Fuck You Revisited" before our show is over. Yes, people like Carfone (MtnRam), Joni, Timber, Tara, and other popular personalities throughout our universe may yet get their own disturbing dedication before tonight's end. If not, be on the look out for a special "Fuck You" edition of "A Passive-Aggressive Life!" coming soon to a computer monitor near you. Ahh... So, to answer the question more clearly, I basically was just typing about as fast as I could saying "fuck you" to whoever popped in my head and for whatever reason that popped in my head. So... There you have it. But, now that the discussion is right here on the table, I think people need to hear that every now and again. I've had people say things like "Hit the nail on the head with that one." or "I totally agree with you there." or "That was pretty good." Etcetera, etcetera, so forth and so on... Some of them I meant. Some of them I didn't quite capture the truth completely. And some of them I don't know what the heck I was trying to say. Also, there's the few of them that simply aren't even attacks on the person. More like "Thank you..." Either way, I think I'm going to make this a sort of regular addition to my blog. Nothing quite as horrible as my previous onslaught. And perhaps going to a "Screw you..." Either way - Screw you Timber, for being a better friend than I am and for surprising the shit out of me. Screw you for making me want to be a better person. Screw you for going out on a limb (Get it? A limb? Timber?). Screw you for taking the time. Screw you Timber.Q: "Is Ron Bacardi really to blame for all of this anger and blatant disregard for people's feelings?"A: I would say less than 40 percent of that was the alcohol speaking. As I said, Bacardi introduced me to this "insulting" world. I'm the one who jumped in and went swimming. The alcohol loosened me up and made me unafraid to say some of the things I said. The "vicious" and profane way it was presented was mostly alcohol, though, I must admit. I would never have thrown around some of the profanities and insults that I did. I still would have told the story, though. I don't know if the list would have come out, but it way have. I was so caught up in the anger that drunkeness hit me in waves. You know how adrenaline rushes through you when you're drunk sometimes and you're instantly sober? That's kind of how it was, except sort of in reverse. So, I think it was part adrenaline/part alcohol that truly fueled the insanity of my last post.Q: "I know the whole situation was pretty messed up, but how can you feel justified in going off like that?"A: Hmm... Let's just say that I don't deal well with having pain inflicted upon me without my permission. In grade school (7th or 8th grade) I picked up a kid, bodyslammed him onto a desk and choked him until teachers pulled me off him because he kicked me in the ass. He had bruises on his neck for a week or so. When he kicked me it hurt and I over-reacted. Of course as soon as we were seperated and the teachers were walking us down the hall to see the Principal I apologized to him. I was a bit more of a hot head then than I am now, but you get the idea. Back then it was a self-defense mechanism. I was the smallest kid in almost the entire junior high. Actually I think I was. There were a couple of girls who were slightly smaller. Anywho, I have digressed. The fact of the matter is, I was physically threatened and abused (nothing that would turn your stomach, but enough to create a slight complex for me) throughout my entire childhood by people who thought because they were bigger they were better than me. Anyone who could push me around, did. Until I pushed back, that is. So this is my way of pushing back. People can't do that. It's just not acceptable. And the world (especially the one who did it) needs to know what I thought of it. You need to know that I'm not just angry. I'm furious. Outraged really. And, yes, maybe I did take it a little too far. I did throw a few things out there that maybe I shouldn't have. But even in my "drunken rage" I did say multiple times that I was sorry. And I am. I'm not sorry for everything, just sorry for the lengths I took it to in some areas.Q: "Did it really hurt?"A: Yes and no. It was mostly shock, in a way. It was kind of like being slapped pretty hard without one of those Newton's Laws sending your head flying forward. Or like having someone throw a pretty big (probably around ten or so) set of keys at the back of your head.... It's more the idea of having something like that thrown at you (in a malicious manner, by a friend) that hurts most. I had the strangest thought earlier while thinking about this. I was more pissed off about having a set of keys hit me in the back of the head than I was about Mel leaving me. I suppose it may have been because Mel was sorry and conveyed it before we even split up. When we started having our problems, she was already saying she was sorry for putting us in that situation. She really couldn't help the way she felt, while the keys could have easily stayed in his hands. Buh. Just an odd thought that occurred to me.Q: "Who the Hell are all those people?"A: People from my past (and present and future, of course... I'm referring to the obscure people with this question/answer; the people you don't know; THE PEOPLE NOT IN MY LIFE RIGHT NOW! NO! Of course it's not you! You're in my life right now! Because you're asking these dumbass questions of me! Get the fuck out of here.). It's funny, because I haven't thought of many of those people in a long time. Years. And all of a sudden they just came floating to the surface. All of these people who didn't treat me right. Do you have a list like that? It's horrible that my list is so long. But these things happen, I suppose. And now I've moved on, away from them. I guess that's all you can ever do. Eventually I plan on writing my "life story" and all of these lifeless names will be given "faces and stories."Q: "You said some pretty messed up stuff, like: 'I still hope somebody threw away your shit.' and 'I HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE... I've been the passive, little guy all my life. I'm ready for a change. Anyone who wants to get stabbed in the fucking face by an insecure bitch-ass prick like me, let me know and maybe I'll stop drinking long enough to hook you up.' and 'In short, I'm through being the bigger, better man.' and finally 'I swear to fucking God, I would have buried a fucking crowbar in your fucking face.' Any stock in all that?"A: Again, yes and no. I don't wish any harm or hardship to befall my friends so... But, if Bunning had pulled that, I would have at least thrown the keys back. And furthermore, I would have gotten out my chair and probably done some things I would regret for the rest of my life. Maybe not the crowbar thing, but probably a combat boot enthusiastically stomping a face while it screams for mercy... I literally hate that man; he's bad for my health. As far as the comments about changing who I am... Not really. I like who I am. I've never really believed that I was passive or little. As my grandmother taught me, little is an attitude. As is evident, I don't do things or think of myself in terms of little. In this post - http://chachonips.blogspot.com/2005/01/joni-muse.html I talk about my being passive. I guess I would call myself more "laid back" (that one's for you Timber) and almost apathetic than passive. In response to my being "attacked" I promptly spun around and yelled "What the fuck!" while staring at my "aggressor." He simply smirked ,said "Funny, isn't it?" and looked away. I stared at him for a couple more seconds (while he carefully avoided looking at me) before I turned around knowing it would be best not to get into it at this point. If you consider the volatility of the situation, I know I made the best logical decision not to confront him right away. I was shaking. I wanted to scream, I wanted to cry and I really wanted to beat the ever living fuck out of him. I honestly for those few seconds wanted him to die. And I wanted to kill him. And I will tell you why. Moments like this make me hate society. The fact that someone can do something like that, unchecked, drives me absolutely nuts. I've gone through my life trying to good by as many people as possible (as long as they deserve it) and there are people who do the exact opposite and are unchallenged, loved, respected... If I ruled the world, anyone who would harm someone (physically, mentally, emotionally) intentionally without being harmed first, would be executed. There's enough pain in this fucked up world. Why bring more into it? Why? Because you want me to fucking go vigilante on your ass, that's why. That's why I call this "A Passive-Aggressive Life." Because I want people to just leave me alone so I can basically float through life but as soon as something like this comes up I want to start hunting down all the dirty perpetual assholes and beat them fucking senseless. So, yeah, I have a few screws loose. But this is the angriest I've been in years. And, again, it's only because I have this psychological aversion to physical harm befalling me.Q: "How did I ever make you regret the terrible things you say?" c/o Bubblebrain.A: If you refer to my "sunshine and rainbows" comment on one of your blogs, you should get an idea of what I mean. I'm trying to say that there is that great, sweet, nice guy inside me who writes beautiful poetry and wants to love and be loved... Yet the foot I put forward the most is the one that shows my darker side. My darker side doesn't appreciate all of the great things you've done for me (just by being you and being there) because the lighter side of me now views my audacious outbursts with utter disdain and regret... Not that I'm actually some sort of split personality or anything... Yes I am!!! No I'm not. Anywho, what I'm trying to say is you are a grand influence on the amount of smiling I do in my life, and it's hard to say "FU" to all of your friends with a smile on your face... Unless you're insane. And the jury is still out on that one, so... I hope you get my drift before they lock me up.Q: "Why is Gid so full of shit?"A: Probably because I've had a couple drinks and feel like bagging on somebody... But the fact remains that Gid actually does present a very good point... I'll let my friends conclude and compile their research before I let that cat out of the bag. Anywho, Gid... Thanks for giving a shit or two. No "FU's" for you today...And now for the "happy ending." I said I'd have this post up before midnight and I did... But now it's time to publish it and get over to Gid's blog (www.gidrow.net/wordpress) because I think he probably put something way wicked pisser up. I honestly don't think I did all of the things that I had wanted to do with this post, but hopefully I cleared up a few things for you. Anything else, post a comment or send me an e-mail and I'll get on it...Peace everyone,Ricky DP.S. I don't actually have anything to say here, but feel obligated to fill this spot. Now I will type without editing. Perhaps I should tyr and type real fast in order to make mre mistakes. O guess that is working, but not as well as I would have thougth. I guess I'm just more cautioys than I ghtou. That's MUCH mbetter. Now you see how I really type. It involves a lton of backspaces and the like. Blah biddy blah, and dediting and the like... Tap tap tap. Time to go learn about Zombie attackis,,.l ,.ljdsfljasdf j;asfhiladsfpnbaydsg piusgu I know this was worthless, but think of how much original transcripts of this will sell for when I choke on my own vomit and die in ten years... (Don't worry, I'll write this all out in a notebook and distribute it to all of my friends soon enough. Um... Don't take me too seriously, ok?) And I still love and hate you all. Just to make sure we're still clear on that. 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:06 PM  2 comments    
Monday, February 28, 2005
Just Wait Until My Next Post Where I Say I Can't Wait Until You Die.  
Before we get into the meat and potatoes, we'll start with some blabs and blurbs.www.gidrow.net Gid's site is up and running... again... ish... And as always it's still undergoing changes and evolutions. Basically if you don't like it we can pour you a nice warm glass of shut the hell up. Oh, I'm in a mood tonight....http://ccf115.blogspot.com This is KC's new blog. He's got some cool stories on there. He writes short stories similar to some of my poems... Just your typical dark and demented "WTF?!" type of stuff. It's good shit. Get on there, read up, comment and shut the fuck up.You may have noticed some more ads going up on my site here recently. If not, scroll up to the top and look again dipshit (God Damnit Ween, if I have to hold your hand through this I swear...). There should be an eBay ad and an Amazon ad. If you're going to be doing some bidding on eBay or shopping on Amazon, please use my ads here as a portal if you will. Think of it this way: I get a little money if you do these things for me. The more money I make the better I'll feel about pumping all of this time into this blog. Not that I've really been pumping much time into the content of it lately. But, here's another post so...Screw you for judging me. Basically it goes like this: Support http://chachonips.blogspot.com by clicking on these ads... Look up the "affiliate programs" at the specific websites if you want to know how I make money and how much. It's pretty straightforward, but I don't think I'm allowed to talk about it specifically on the website. Oh well, hopefully they won't take away my birthday or anything.Humorous story time. I was watching one of those stupid AFN ads the other day when one caught my attention in a very true-to-life way. It begins by talking about blending in while in your "Host" country. So this clothesline is strung across the screen and they start scrolling the line across and clothes start appearing hung on the line moving from right to left across the screen. And like the first shirt you see (something like "These clothes are great for wearing around the house or going out in the states, but in your host country they stand out or might even be offensive...") is a black shirt with a skull wearing a pirate hat and swords below it like crossbones... So I thought it was hilarious. And that's what you call an inside joke, ladies and gentlemen. If you don't know what I'm talking about, I'm afraid you never will and I'm afraid I couldn't care less. Bitch.And this next installment of "A Passive-Aggressive Life" will commence a little later in the evening. I have a few more drinks to get through first... (6:16 PM - 11:09 PM) And I'm back. Strangely enough, I lost my "angry" edge quite some time ago and got it back not ten minutes ago. Very strange, I must admit. By the by, I'm only on drink number six or seven. I'm going to try and have at least a few drinks every night to ramp up my tolerance. We don't need to have the stripper incident become a weekly occurence. I didn't spell that right, I don't think. I'm actually a little more drunk than I thought I was... So, here goes the story that's driving the angry guy tonight. Do your best to keep up because I'm not really making pit stops for the understanding impaired. One who shall go nameless until later when I get caught up in the heat of the moment caused me to literally SHAKE WITH RAGE today. Even though I often write about killing and torture and rape and disdain and other crimes against humanity, I'm usually a pretty laid back guy. As I've said before, Melissa says I let people walk all over me. I think this is the type of thing she is referring to. I was checking out KC's blog when the unmentionable walked into the office. He started asking about where his "gear" may have been misplaced to while he was off doing "The Lord's Work" in Washington or whatever the fuck. I was half paying attention because he's my friend. The other half didn't give a flying fuck because I would never touch someone's "gear" because it's a waste of fucking time because they've been issued or purchased the same worthless shit I've got already so who gives a fuck. WW walks into the office and semi-accidentally (screw spelling at this point, and I don't mean Aaron or Tori) and joins the conversation. He (WW) starts to try to demystify all of the "we threw all of your shit away" rumors so "RAGEnabler" would leave him and the equipment section in general alone because in short, they didn't just throw his "gear" away. Alas, as soon as WW opened his mouth, "RAGEnabler" starting personally attacking WW; basically saying WW personally sought out "RAGEnabler"'s "gear" and threw it in the trash. Basically accusing WW of maliciously destroying all of "RAGEnabler"'s stuff for no apparent reason. I found this funny, in a way. I mean, WW was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. I think "RAGEnabler" was simply just frustrated and pissed off that nobody seemed concerned that his stuff had just walked off. WW was simply defending himself. If somebody accused me like he had been accused I would have acted in the same exact way. Well, maybe not the same way. WW said things like "You're a fucking pussy." and "I'm not the people that knows." I would'nt have said those types of things without being assaulted. There was a certain point in the conversation (obscenity hurling) where this whole idea became evident and I started laughing. Then FUCKING PUSSY ASS BITCH WHORE ASSHOLE threw a set of keys at me and hit me in the back of the head. If it were Bunning, I would have killed you "RAGE". I swear to fucking God, I would have buried a fucking crowbar in your fucking face. I would have found out where every relative of yours lived and hunted them down until they were all dead or until the cops finally stopped me. Honestly, even though you apologized to me, I am still FUCKING PISSED AS HELL! You had no right. No FUCKING RIGHT. It's going to take a long time to get me to calm down about this. You are a bitch. You are an insecure pussy. I'm terribly sorry about going to these lengths to express my feelings, but I can't let you get away with it. It simply comes at a terrible time in my life. I'm tired of getting trampled over by everyone. You hit me in the back of the head with a set of keys (I had a mark for at least a couple of hours, last I heard it was still there) and you don't even have the decency to apologize to me right away? No fucking way am I going to let you get away with that shit. If I did the same to you the first words out of my mouth would have been "I'm sorry." Yes, you flew off the handle. Yes, you were way out of line. I should fucking go to the cops with this shit. And why don't I? Because you were my friend. I still consider us friends, but I'm still angry. I still hope somebody threw away your shit. I even wish it was me. Except I'm not an asshole. I don't do shit like that. If I hurt someone, I apologize as soon as I can. You fucked up. I know that this doesn't bother you too much, because you can certainly live without my friendship. That's why I'm out on this limb showing you how I feel. Maybe you're into sabotaging your relationships. As long as you're alone you'll never get hurt to bad. Whatever man. I think you're a decent guy. I'm just having an extremely difficult time dealing with your actions against me. lol I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight because of this. I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm so tired of dealing with crap like this. My wife up and leaves me. I don't have to put a good face on it, but it's in my best interests. At least this way I won't seem like a psycho asshole. At least, in this case, there are good things to say about it. I have problems just like everyone else. If you're going to take yours out on me, beware. I'm tired of dealing with it. I HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE... I've been the passive, little guy all my life. I'm ready for a change. Anyone who wants to get stabbed in the fucking face by an insecure bitch-ass prick like me, let me know and maybe I'll stop drinking long enough to hook you up.On that note... Yes. I am angry. Yes. If this type of thing should happen again with someone I like less than "RAGE" it will likely end in violence. Yes. I would love to get past this and move on. No. I will not edit this for any reason. People should account for their actions. I'll account for the fact that I wrote this blog. In fact, I'll account for much more before this whole "life" thing is done. In short, I'm through being the bigger, better man. Fuck you. Fuck you all. Fuck you Melissa, for everything. Even for the good things. Fuck you Gid, for thinking you're better than everyone else because you've been here for so long. Fuck you "Rage", for thinking because you're a lonely single divorcee that we should give you a break. Fuck you WW, for not relenting. Fuck you Ricky D for thinking you're such hot shit even though you're basically just as insecure and pathetic as everyone else. Fuck you Skinny Wayne, for being such a God Damned hypocrite. Fuck you Bunning, just for opening your stupid ass mouth. Fuck you KC for not using protection. Fuck you LinZ for putting yourself in this situation. Fuck you Mac, for being such a pretentious, micro-managing jerk-off. Fuck you Mo, for being so fucking FAKE. Fuck you elephantsnoranges for being as amazing as you are. Fuck you Bubblebrain for making me regret the terrible things I say. Fuck you Mike (C.) for not asking for more help from me. Fuck you Ween for not asking for more help from Mike. And then for not asking for any help from me. Fuck you Tiffany for not taking me seriously. Fuck you Steve Vai for always being better than me and stuffing it my face. Fuck you J.A.M. for always pushing me away and being a "click" I could never hope to get into. Fuck you Rick Sisson for being the Ring Leader. Fuck you Jenny, for not saying you were sorry. Fuck you Phil, just for being the dickhead you've always been. Fuck you Hodgie. Fuck you Hodgie for being every stupid ass entity you are. Fuck you Hodgie for being nice, understanding, supportive, angry, irrational, old-fashioned, conservative, ridiculous, caring, pretentious... Fuck you Hodgie, for being you. Fuck you Tim Green, for being a Bible thumping tight ass. Fuck you Bill Bill. Not for anything in particular. Just Fuck You. Fuck you Father. Fuck you for everything you've ever done. Fuck you for having anything to do with me. Fuck you for telling me not to bother leaving a mark on this world. Fuck you for telling me that I have computer arms. Fuck you for letting Bob drink on the way up to Canada. Fuck you for pulling me out of college to go on your stupid trip. Fuck you for being a deceptive piece of trash. Fuck you for still being alive. Fuck you. Fuck you Wendy for thinking you were so much better than us; when if it weren't for Rob, I wouldn't have given you the time of day. Fuck you Bear, for being one of the best and worst men I've ever met. Fuck you Ron Bacardi, for introducing me to a world where I feel free to insult my best friends and yet still suffer the consequences later on. Fuck you Mike (A.). Just fuck you man. You pull the shit you've been pulling again, I'll never speak to you again. Fuck you Alyx, for caring when I didn't. When you wished those that hurt me would burn in Hell, your feelings weren't on my radar. I'm so sorry. I hope you can forgive me. Fuck you Eric Johnson, for making me cry. Fuck you JoJo, for being the greatest man I've ever met. Fuck you, Grev, for all the times I looked at you and said "Are you sure?" Fuck you Rick. Fuck you for making this list. And fuck you for publishing it. And while some of this list is used in a much more dramatic manner than I would care to have it used in... Here it is. And I'm not taking any of it back. I love and hate you all. Now I implore you to convince me not to delete you from my life forever,,.Peace-ish,Ricky DP.S. Fuck you. I don't need to explain myself to anyone. Send me an e-mail if you feel that you were attacked unnescessarily. I spelled that wrong I think, but I'm trying to drink all of my drinks before tomorrow.Peace again...Happy intoxication. 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:55 PM  6 comments    
Monday, February 21, 2005
The Novel Idea.  
So... Here's the weekend recap:Well, nevermind the rest of it; I bit a stripper on the ass. Everything else is just gravy. Feel free to post your comments on any other hijinx you think are blogworthy. I think from that statement alone you can see how half of the weekend was spent. The rest of it was spent sitting on my own ass thinking. Not about my situation or anything. Almost entirely about an idea for a novel. A series really. And now we'll start my own real life story:My novel is going to be about me-ish. (this is all subject to change, of course) I often daydream about myself being the main character in some amazing fantasy series. Except I have the distinct disadvantage of being me and being here. So little chance of learning to wield magic and laying waste to hordes of nightmarish creatures on the field of some epic battle in defense of the human race. Except... if I dream it or write it. Or if something weird happens... So, my story starts about a year or so from now. I've been trying to become an actor, a musician or a writer, but can't decide which. So I've spread myself too thin trying to evenly have a go at all three. I'm running out of money and I'm getting desperate. I'm drinking too much. I'm becoming obsessive-compulsive. Depression, despair, I'm failing. And so I'm wotally tasted (totally wasted) in my shithole apartment with a knife in my hand ready to get it over with. But something in the back of my head stops me. I was meant for more. I am meant for more. And I'm screaming and I'm crying and the pain of all of it is destroying me. And my drunken state convinces me to stab myself in the hand to relieve the pressure some how so I'm screaming at the top of my lungs "What am I supposed to do?" as I plunge the knife into my hand. And everything changes. I'm in a field. And it reminds me of the Fields of Asphodel in Greek Mythology. Nothing is right. The color of the sky, the color of the grass, the feel of the wind, the feel of my feet on the ground... There's no knife in my hand, there's no wound in the other... It turns out I'm in some sort of alternate reality or another world... My journey begins. I will learn where I am and more importantly who I am. What I am capable of... Basically it will start out with me learning about this place and learning that something has been organizing all of the evil creatures in this world and has been slowly eradicating the "free people" of the world. And so I feel my destiny was to help these people. And later, after defeating the baddies, I learn that there are others like me. Except they have sometimes used their powers for not so good. And my new mission is to seek them out and destroy... Blah blah blah. And of course you'll have people trying to stop me from the beginning. People trying to help me, people pretending to help but actually trying to hinder and even people pretending to hinder but actually trying to help. Intrigue and mystery galore. Plenty of beheadings too. Or not. Who knows? But here's where real life begins. I do this quite often. I come up with an idea and a plot and I start piecing together little sequences that might happen in the book. But I'm never satisfied. I'll start writing down the basic premise and all and I'll just get... bored I guess. Or... Better: Disappointed. It won't head along the road that I want to go down. Furthermore, I don't want to get locked into something like a novel if I'm not going to go all the way, you know? So, this morning I woke up at about 9:30 to let the dogs out and decided I felt like going back to sleep. So I did. A little before 12:30 I was kind of half awake/half asleep (we'll call that "aweep") when I thought about getting up and watching some T.V. So, I'm aweep and I start semi-dreaming about the AFN TV guide channel. We get AFN satellite for free over here. They take U.S. programming and make their own channels. We get ten. We got Sports, Atlantic, Spectrum, Pacific, News, Korea, Pentagon, Family and Movie. It's free so you can't really complain too much. Anywho, I'm dreaming-ish about this channel watching the channels scroll away. And usually I don't pay much attention until I get to the Movie channel to see what's on and when it started. If a movie is starting now-ish, I'll watch it if it's decent. "Around the World in 80 Days" was on... Channel 8. I was like "Sweet!", since I kind of like that movie. That's when I woke up. And boy was I disappointed to remember that this decent movie was just starting only in my head. But I decided to try out my psychic abilities as it were though. So I turn on the transformer and lean over to turn on the TV when I remember what "channel" it had been on. Channel 8. 8 is the Pentagon channel. They only have Military News show on there. I've never heard of a movie being shown on that channel. If there were, it would be an old war flick or something of the like. So I frown and turn the TV on anyhow. On the movie channel was playing "Mr. Destiny". It was half-way through so I didn't want to watch it. The only other thing that was decent was a show called Without a Trace. It was halfway through too, so I turned around to check on the dogs and make something to eat. And it hit me. This idea that I've been nurturing for a couple of days has been about a guy who vanishes from his world "without a trace" and ends up in another world to fulfill what he decides must be his "destiny". Stranger than fiction. So I decided that I'm going to take this idea seriously and try it out. A handful of weird things like that have happened to me. Coincidence mostly I think, but weird nonetheless. I was playing Scattergories (spelling?) with a bunch of people when the letter "N" was rolled. One of the categories was "Things found in the ocean". Skinny Wayne and I ended up with noses. Noses are found in the ocean... I cried. It was so hysterical. How did we both end up with noses? Of all the things that began with the letter "N" that could be found in the ocean, we came up with noses. After being stationed here (Italia) for over a year and being in the Military for over two I went home on leave. My grandmother had just died. I arrived and spent (was basically forced to) some time with my Father, fishing and the like. He reminded me that I wasn't named after him, I was named after his father... That always struck me as odd, the beating of that into my head. Finally I went home with my parents and got to spend some time with my friends. I went over to Emeric's house to shoot pool and watch movies. Mike (C) and I were wearing the same exact Airwalk shoes. I lived in Italy and bought my shoes (out of the HUGE selection at the BX (being sarcastic, they had maybe two different pairs of low top shoes to choose from that weren't "athletic")) on base and Mike was wearing the same "make and model." Color too. Identical; we lived thousands of miles apart and had seen eachother twice in the past two years and were wearing the same shoes. One morning after I got back from my deployment to Bahrain I was aweep and had a dream about my oscillating fan. I had it in front of my open window to get some fresh air flowing in the room, but it wasn't tall enough to actually be adjacent to the open part of the window. Hard to explain. The fan at the top was like 36" tall and the base or bottom of the window was like 35". So I wished it was taller... Or the window shorter. And in this aweep dream I rolled over and looked at the fan and suddenly it started growing taller to fit in front of the window. I woke up and went, "Well, why not?" So I went over to the fan and sure enough the description on the little control box said 36" to 42" oscillating fan and I raised it to it's full height. One morning before work I was taking a shower and started singing the chorus to Abracadabra by the Steve Miller Band. Now, I've probably heard that song three or four times in my life that I can remember. And it's definitely been years since I can remember hearing it. So I'm wondering "Where the Hell did that come from?" So I get in my car (after I finish showering, shaving and getting dressed of course) and start heading to work. I'm on the AP highway when, you guessed it, Abracadabra by the Steve Miller Band comes on the radio. I can't remember any more off the top of my head, but... I'm pretty sure there are more. Here's a funny one... Not exactly in the same spirit, but ironic nonetheless. I'm sitting here watching satellite when it goes out. Just a black screen accompanied by silence. I'm pretty tired so I just lay there. I was watching some movie and the climax was just about to come... That sounded a little dirty. I start to close my eyes but decide to get up and get something to drink and let the dogs out. As soon as I sit up, the signal comes back crystal clear. And the movie's back on but I missed what happened... And now I'll probably never know. Oh well. It's not like the movie was all that great anyhow. Well, I'm out to work on this idea of mine.Peace all,Ricky DP.S. Today is our six month anniversary... We made it half a year, sort of... Congratulations to us! I'm going to celebrate by eating some Ramen and getting drunk. Yay me! 
posted by Ricky D @ 6:11 PM  0 comments    
Wednesday, February 16, 2005
Happy Birthday!  
Happy Birthday (Burpday) Bubblebrain! Bubblebrain turns 23 today so wish her a glorious "burpday." I hope you had a great one. You definitely deserve it.Hmm... Lately I've had the time and patience to update my blog, but nothing seems to want to come out. There's just nothing super fresh in my mind that seems deserving of being printed. I guess I could write write...But I'm preoccupied. There's a retired EOD guy who lives in Italy who's supposed to be stopping by to pick up a compass. But I didn't tell him my address. Only that I lived across from the Carabinieri station in Maniago. He has my phone number and was supposed to be here 22 minutes ago. I think he would have called by now but I keep thinking maybe he's just standing outside waiting for me to pop my head around the corner so I walk outside every couple of minutes to check and make sure he's not out there waiting for me... Ok, so he showed. He was just real late. And he's gone now. And now I'm waiting for KC to pick me up to go to the Bierangel. It's a German place. He's supposed to be here at 615 and it's only 610 so he's not late as my earlier statement seemed to imply. I think I'll finish this post when I get back though. I'm sure I will have plenty of great material to run through after such an event. I have my laptop set up on my banister in my living room so I can turn my head and watch out the front door and see when people arrive. I kind of like standing up while I type. It's actually kind of comfortable and I beleive I think better standing up. This has officially become a ramblefest. It's like some sort of free association because I'm in wait mode. I know that as soon as I set up to discuss something "discussable" KC will show up and whisk me away in the middle of my thought process. So I'm doing my best not to get nailed down to one topic. Obviously that's working for me since I really have no topic. Unless you consider not having a topic to be a topic in which case then I have a topic. Just not a topic that is important or whatever... Phone call. And I'm back from the Bierengel. I had the Bacon-cheese wurst. Imagine two footlong hot dogs with cheese melted and flowing inside wrapped in bacon. About one of the most delicious/disgusting things I've ever eaten. It tasted amazing, but the concept behind it actually makes me kind of queasy. I mean, that's got to have hundreds of grams of saturated fat in it... Oh well, I did step aerobics today so I deserve a tasty treat like that. I think there may be something wrong with me though. The reason most guys are in this class is because Sonja, the instructor, has a pretty outstanding body. Everytime I go through it, someone brings it up. I always feel uncomfortable during those conversations because I just can't relate. I mean, I appreciate how nice her body is and I appreciate how nice it can be to watch her doing the steps... But today I found myself physically looking around at her and the other women in the class, checking them out, because I wanted to fit in with all the other guys. That didn't come out right. Ok. Let me try that again. Instead of "Oh, look at her. She's gorgeous. Mmm, I'd like to take a bite out of that..." I said to myself "Oh yeah. Remember to check out the chicks in the class." I guess it's nothing to be ashamed of. I simply don't glorify women as sex objects. I certainly don't feel comfortable talking to people about it. I'm drinking Bacardi and Diet Vanilla Pepsi now. The dogs are outside and I'm going to bring them in now. Back. I guess it all comes back to how I feel about my mother. I mean, she endured my father, escaped him and eventually fought tooth and nail until she extricated us from him. He wouldn't work so she was working two jobs to support us all. During the divorce and custody suit they deemed the fact that she was working two jobs a good enough reason for him to get us instead. F*ck that guy. I don't want to talk about him. I think I might go to college in Illinois and then move to California and try to become an actor. That would be after I lose my spare tire and my fat face. I mean my sister has a flair for the dramatic... I suppose I have more of a flair for the spastic, but no matter. I'll probably start by trying my hand at script writing or try to get a position as a skit writer for a comedy show. I'm just babbling here so these are not concrete plans, just ideas at this point. Everything could change. Who knows? I would like to start a band with Mike and write lyrics and maybe sing, but who knows? Who? TELL ME!!!! I don't like people who use more than a couple exclamation points. I think four or five is the max that should be used. And multiple after multiple like "Tell me!!! Now!!!" should be banned too. It should go "Tell me! Now!!!" At least that's how I feel. Now, of course there are always exceptions. Like I can put as many as I want because it's my rule. Hypocrisy is a key identification feature of humanity. A dog can't say it doesn't like to sniff tail and then shove it's nose up another dog's rear end. Animals just don't operate like that. Humans, however, can feel and beleive one thing and fly off the handle and do the exact opposite. I could, hypothetically, stab you to death while saying, with conviction, "I could never kill another person. I just couldn't." I can say I don't like people who use trendy Internet sayings like LOL and cuz and type in my blog "And I was like LOL cuz the peep was all like OMG!!!1!1!111oneoneone" I can and I did. See? That's as human as it gets. Uniquely human. I'm listening to Zap Mama right now. They're an excellent African group. I highly recommend them. Back when I wrote mostly normal lovey dovey poetry there was a girl in high school who turned me on to them because I was her "Poetry Man." It's a great song... Now I'm listening to a song called "Flesh on Flesh" by Al DiMeola. He's a great jazz guitarist. Yes I have weird tastes in music. I blame it on Mike (C). It's hard to type and drink at a good pace. I've got this receipt sitting on the bannister here and on the back it says it was made (the receipt paper) by Mitsubishi. Isn't that wild? I mean, I knew they made a ton of different things (a veritable plethora of unique commercial products) but receipt paper? Who knew? I guess they did. And probably Pizza New, the place I got the receipt from. And maybe a few other people. Point is, I didn't until just now and that's what makes the difference. Can you beleive I'm only just finishing drink one and I'm already typing like a drunken idiot. Not that I feel drunk, I'm just being careless and wreckless with my typing. I need a longer straw. Or maybe one of those hats that you put the drinks in... How bad would Rum and Coke mess up a Camelbak do you think? We'll have to try that some day. Taking a drink finish/refill break. My foot suddenly just started hurting. Kind of weird. Iron Maiden on now. Not that you need a running commentary on what I'm listening to... I think the problem of just doing this "ramblefest" is that I'll probably never finish. I'm not really tired or anything so I could probably just go on until I was too drunk to continue, but I probably shouldn't try... Well, actually maybe I will. But I'm going to watch TV and have a couple more drinks before I continue on my journey to self urination. And I'm spent...Peace,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:59 PM  5 comments    
Tuesday, February 15, 2005
Returning The Favor.  
Returning the favor not because I ought to, but because I want to. http://bubblegumbraininaknapsack.blogspot.com/Here's yet another blog that I've been keeping tabs on for quite some time now. You may recognize the site, as the blogger behind it is Bubblebrain, a commenting patron of my site here. I also have posted several comments on her site. I bring this all up because she has become a friend in this crazy mixed up internet of ours. I definitely respect her as an artist and she's been a great supporter of my writing. She's working on getting some stuff published so... Good luck Bubblebrain!Well, I've got to get going to sleep now. I think because of my tiredness I have some form of writer's block. Nothing seems to be coming out as I want it to. So, of course I don't feel like trying out some poems before I go to sleep. Blah blah blah. Ugh. Tired.Peace everyone,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 9:59 PM  1 comments    
Monday, February 14, 2005
Happy Valentines Day  
In the spirit of Valentines Day, I will start with some good news. Mo and Becca got married today. They're a great couple and they seem very happy together. So I wish you two the best of luck.Quote of the Month: "Trust... I'm surprised it's not a four letter word." I pulled that off of Stephanie Klein's blog. http://stephanieklein.blogs.com I thought it was brilliant. I really enjoy her blog. She's been nominated for Best Writing of a Weblog as well.Another good quote: "Nothing in life is promised except death." Kanye West said that after he won that Grammy. Then he went on to say he's going to celebrate like crazy... Much more articulately of course. I like it. Kind of how I'm feeling right now. "Keep on going man, nobody's stopping you except yourself." That's how I'm feeling.Some of you may notice that my fabulous sister has reached my site. She's long-winded and crazy like me so there should be an endless supply of... "psycho-babble"? Anywho, thanks for your great words Alyx. When did my little sister become so insightful? I love you.You may have remembered my statement about a potential POD MVP entry hitting this site periodically... Now, I only get 10MB of upload bandwidth per month to Flickr so... unless I upgrade my account it'll be awhile before I am able to put anything new on the site. Just so you know.And now for some freestyle; Happy Valentines Day!!!Her skinSoft as silkSmells like vanillaAnd makes me shakeMakes me quakeMakes me takeSteps to redeemMyselfAnd I love her for itAnd I love her forHer smileThat smile changes youChases youTo the troubled spotsIn your mindAnd chases awayFearDoubtDespairLeaving onlyJoyHopeLoveAnd I love her for itAnd I love her forHerI love her forHer everythingAnd I love her for herI love her for herListenI love herOver and overForever and everI'm in love with herWell... I'm out all. I'm going to have a couple of drinks to top off my Valentines Evening.PEACE!!Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 8:05 PM  2 comments    
Wayne's BrainChild  
MeStrange3 Originally uploaded by chacho_nips. Here's a cool pic Skinny Wayne came up with. I know the secret of how it came to be. Do you? 
posted by Ricky D @ 8:02 PM  0 comments    
Thursday, February 10, 2005
Cool little site.  
http://www.actofme.co.uk/bush_speech/bushspeechwriter.htmlI'm out.Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 8:54 PM  0 comments    
Pics.  
It looks like I'm going to stick with Flickr.com to post my pics (to this webpage). If you click on the mountain pic it will take you to Flickr and from there you can navigate to see all of my uploaded pics. Only one thus far. The only problem I'm having with it right now is that I have to publish an actual post when I want to post a picture. I'll be trying to figure out how to use html to insert pics in the sidebar and such. Oh, anyone who doesn't mind having their pic on the site please let me know. I won't put anyone on here that doesn't want to. Ok, I'm out for now.Peace,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 1:41 PM  0 comments    
SuperMag!  
Here's the single greatest waste of money on bandwagon jumping.Posted by Hello 
posted by Ricky D @ 1:38 PM  0 comments    
Morning Mountains  
MorningMountains Originally uploaded by chacho_nips. Just trying this out. It's one of the famous POD (picture of the day) photo's. If this works I'll start doing like a POD MVP thing.Peace everyone,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 1:05 PM  0 comments    
Wednesday, February 09, 2005
A rebuttal, if you will.  
So, the people have spoken... And all I hear is "Blah blah blah, I'm a dirty tramp." (By "people", I refer to WW's comment about my poetry and by "'tramp'" I mean he's dirty when he gets down.) Truth be told, (screw you Joni, I am telling the truth; oh and hi Wayne) I am "calm and coping." This happens to be one of the ways I cope. I write. I like to write. My style of writing ranges from the hysterical to the downright homicidal. That's just the way it is. That's just the way I am. And if I want to write fictional poems about crapping all over my cat and strangling my lover, so be it. If you want to turn me in for being a deranged lunatic on the fringe of a maniacal breakdown, so be it. If it sounds like I'm totally ranting at you even though I'm really just trying to make a simple point here, so be it. If this whole stupid "so be it" thing has totally lost it for me and because of my flu-ish thing I've really forgotten where I was going with it anyhow, so be it. So there. Love me, hate me, judge me, screw me, poke me, prod me, ridicule me, destroy me, offend me, like me, taste me, desire me, crave me, gush me, eat me... One thing is always the same: ME. So whatever you want to do/think (that was "do-'slash'-think") about me; remember, I am me. And I am sick, stubborn and driven. I will drive myself to continue pushing these demented pieces so long as I continue to be accused of being not so much in the copezone. I have the flu. I don't feel so hot. Why did it have to feel like an accusation? Does it? Yes. (Sidenote: When I close my eyes I hear a pulsing, warbling sound accompanied by clicks and beeps you might hear on the set of an old sci-fi movie. And no, I'm not on the set of an old sci-fi movie.) So I was about to explain why I felt accused... Then the aliens invaded and sunk my battleship. Drinking water now. Me, not the aliens. Now, I contemplate. So... Delving into the "accused" feeling maybe there is some truth in the statement. But let's start with the literal. I would never harm Melissa. Rage does not describe my love of her. I do not think of her as vile or contemptuous. I do not think of her as evil or disconcerting. Her wiles and voice do not overcome my ability to reason (no offense Mel, maybe impair or hinder...). And I don't wake from sleep to look at her rotting corpse lying next to me. Next. Um, I guess Killing You Killing Me could fit, but... if you take it literal, how does her words kill me and how do my words kill her back? And non-literal, would mean she maybe abused me with her words and I maybe spread slightly altered rumors against her... Anywho, even if it did mean she's killing me by leaving me and I'm killing her back by leaving too, is that really so bad? Buh. Mind the flu induced nonsense. Finally, she doesn't "suck and f*ck like a g-damned dyke" (no offense again Mel, I've just got no dykes to compare to). And I don't think there's anything else in there that translates nicely to my situation. For the non-literal (I'm sure there's a better word for this, but I'm way out of it)... Again, I would never attempt to harm Melissa. Even with my words. Those scars dig even deeper, take longer to heal and are much easier to deliver. I do not fantasize about her death. I do not hate her. I do not fantasize about her befalling harm. I do not fantasize about hating her. She has harmed me, but not intentionally as is implied. The idea of what has happened may be vile and disconcerting but certainly I cannot call it evil or contemptuous. Nothing either of us have done has been out of spite or malice. I have these things in my heart but do not let them flow towards people very often. Even in this instance where some would see me completely justified in hating her with all my heart, I feel none of it. I have a little anger, a little bitterness. But these things fade as long as I am aware of them. As long as I keep them in check. As long as I express myself to others that these feelings exist. Now, this is how I express my anger and bitterness towards Melissa. I'm a little angry and a little bitter towards Melissa. Basta. This is how I express anger and bitterness in general (always intermingling fantasy with reality; otherwise it's just empty words):Now I can't say that I'm sorryBecause I'm still a little angryWith youAt youHow could youPlay me for a foolWasn't IThe better guyThe best of guysA hero in disguiseAnd yet here we areEven after we've - COME - SO - FARAnd yes, I am a little bitterThese past years are down the shi*terAnd you without even a titterAbout how things will be much betterHow'd you expect me to feel?Expect me to deal?Expect me to heal?Are you for real?Always thinking of yourselfPut my feelings on a shelfNow I put yours up there tooBecause I'm throughDealingWithYOUOk. So I didn't like it until I came up with a better meter for it (I had to read it aloud several times to find it's "rhythm") but now I think it's pretty decent. So, let's dissect it (Sorry WW, the flu has gripped me). Now, I can say that I'm sorry because I always do even if it's not my fault. I am a little angry... With her, at her, how could she? She didn't play me for a fool. Was I, the better guy? It seems that way. The best of guys? Possibly. But that's not the issue. Mel was not ready. I could've been a hero in disguise and it still wouldn't have mattered. She was not ready = over. And yet here we are, after we've come so far... I am a little bitter, though these past years, excluding bits and pieces of this whole debacle, have been quite enjoyable. Mel and I have had some great times together. And believe me, she has said how things will be better off. And so have I. And... The only reason it took so long for either of us to initiate this whole thing is because we were each thinking of each other. Neither of us want the other to get hurt, and eventually that's why she came forward. Finally, while I am through with trying to win her back, I am certainly not ceasing to be her friend. See. This is simply how I write. I take that which I see or feel and transform it into something that resembles what I see or feel without ever becoming that which I see or feel. Should make perfect sense by now. Just think of my poetry as a painting or a sculpture. First you pick a theme: I pick angry/bitter, painter takes a flowery meadow and the sculptor takes a horse. Now you need an environment for these themes to thrive in. Mine is easy; Mel and I - because everyone can relate to "breaking up." Painting; sunset in autumn. Sculpture; horse rears with a man waving a sword on the back. Then we come to details. The sculpture is of a highly decorated Union general giving the order to "Charge!" The painting is filled with red and gold, hills roll like waves down further into the painting but the last thing you see in the background is a small copse of trees on the left as a hill rises up to the right; the sun just barely visible over the top as it says it's final good-bye's. And my poem? Well, you read it. Pieces of me, pieces of Mel, pieces of fantasy and pieces of YOU. Something touched you there. And that's what I am shooting for. I'm taking something I can relate to (so I can still feel something while I write it) and changing it slightly to try and appeal to other people. I want my poems to mean something to you. And sometimes I write about crazy crap but I'm just taking an emotion like malice that I reserve only for writing and people that do me serious grievances and injustices, giving it an environment to thrive in (my screwed up head) and hammering out the details with my chisel. So, there you have it. Maybe it doesn't make much sense, but I blame it on the rain. And my feverish flu. Now do I have anything else to say? Oh, I'm doing some editing around the house here because Google may have found some of my stuff to be offensive. Speaking of Google and offensive:You may have noticed the ads in the upper lefthand corner. They're from a program called Google Adsense. Basically internet companies tell Google "advertise for us, we'll pay you!" And Google says "Ok, anybody want to host some ads on your site for some extra cashflow?" And I say "Ya, sure, you betcha." Then they send "crawlers" over to my site which figure out just what the heck my site is about and (after a cut and paste html type thing) ads start appearing where I tell them to. Now depending on the company, I can get a couple cents (yes, not dollars) when one of you click on an ad. And of course they have a system in place to ensure people aren't just trying to click repeatedly earning me tons of cash. Now, these ads are supposed to relate to the content of my site and up until now they were poetry and blogging sites. Yesterday night I hopped on because Mel told me WW had left me a comment. So I click on the comments link in my site and after I read WW's comment I scroll up to see what ad is there and it's for:www.heartmath.comA stress relief and anger-management tool. I almost died. Here was this comment from WW saying I wasn't quite done "coping" and Google was seconding him. I never knew you two were in cahoots. But I'll be watching... So now I should go. I need to get some rest. Sorry about the scatterbrainiedness. I blame it on England. The whole of it. Ok...Peace,Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 6:44 PM  2 comments    
Saturday, February 05, 2005
A Post of Poetry  
To make Wayne jealous; Hi Joni, thanks for stopping by. But seriously folks, I decided to post a couple poems on here instead of doing the top stories and running commentary. Although I will say a couple things first. www.darkenedsun.com Throb the Magnificent is writing a book on-line. I checked it out and it was very cool. Everyone go there and send him e-mails demanding the next installment. I'm working on a play. Most people in my life will be in it. It's going to be basically about me having a dream about my life. And of course it will include the crazy things my imagination has cooked up during the waking and sleeping hours. Here's a little piece of it:Rick: "That's wrong. Wrong as two boys f*cking."Mike (C): "Aha! A phrase I've never heard before."Rick: "Your knowledge of modern quips is truly sucking."Mike (C): "And you a 20th century adage whore."So, that's what it will be like. Mostly imagined fictional stuff with a splash of reality. And now for the Poems (very violent today).How Much Do I Love Thee?Ricky DRageA four letter wordThat fits my love of you perfectlyAnd I dream a dreamOf you in my bedAs I rock you slowlyAnd softlyBut then you wake upAnd it's strangling timeAnd I smileAnd I laughAnd I scream aloudIn a bold voiceAnnouncing my disgust of youYou vile witchYou temptressEvil and disconcertingEven my resolve is not enoughTo keep me safe from your wilesBut you smileAnd you laughAnd you speak aloudIn a soft voiceA voice that sounds likeSilkDragging over rose petals"I'm so sorry"And my emotions are dousedAs if a bucket of cold waterWere dumped onto themAnd I'm emptyAnd vulnerable againExposedAnd you slip quietly beside meLower me to my kneesBeginning the beatings againI wakeRoll over to look at youYour eyes still bulging out of your headI contentedly fall back to sleep--------------------------------------------------------------------------Killing You Killing MeRicky DYour words are like poisonAnd they destroy my will to go onAs they echo over and over and overIn my headBut as you lay asleep at nightI kiss you gently on the headAnd your poison that I've swallowed so deeplySeeps slowly from my lipsNow that which you useTo Kill MeKills You--------------------------------------------------------------------------Wotally TastedSomeone resembling myselfFastLike a lightning strikeShe sucks and f*cks like a god dam*ed dykeAnd he likes itHe wants itHe flaunts itHe licks itHe bit itOopsDidn't mean to do thatPeanut butter Jelly and a baseball batListen to the gun go rat a tat tatGot excited and went ker-splatDroppin trough and I just shatBut that crapFell on the catSo I satI criedDidn't believe the dam* thing diedTime to bideMy timeAnd hide my crimeWife will killWorse than BillDestroy my willAnd feed me to krillAnd then she'll comeAnd take me awayNever againTo see the DayOr the nightBut what a sightTo not give a f*ck what I sayAnd tell those b*tches what I feelAnd make my dreams truly realAs they lay dyingI'm still tryingTo get it togetherLike birds of a featherBut I can't stopI'm about to popSo if you see me comingGet out of the wayBecause I've stopped runningAnd they're gonna pay-------------------------------------------------------------------------Ok, I'm going to get ready for an evening of Balderdash and Crown Royal.Peace!Ricky D 
posted by Ricky D @ 7:57 PM  3 comments    
Thursday, February 03, 2005
My Insensitive Post Will Be Saved For A Later Date...  
Greetings all... Here are our top stories:I've gone blog-wild (as opposed to hog-wild). http://belledejour-uk.blogspot.com Diary of a London Call Girl is my latest read. This girl supposedly got a six figure book deal all because of her blog. Probably brings a whole new meaning to "sex sells..." Anyways, wouldn't it be nice? And no I'm not becoming a Call Boy. Unless somebody's interested...? Anywho...http://www.aviano-csc.org/cgi/suite/classifieds/classifieds.cgi?request=detail&website=default&ad_id=15697At the request of WW I posted a personals ad. I tried to keep it semi-clean and still be humorous because I believed it to be attached to the base in some way. Furthermore, I didn't put my "real-ish" name. I used Walter Keyes as my pseudonym (is that right?). Anywho, it was actually attached to http://www.aviano-csc.org A christian organization... And this was brought to my attention by the following e-mail from getlost@yahoo.com a supposed 19 year old male out of Korea:"Personally I must say that you have no moral rights whatsoever!! To place an ad on the Aviano website like that shows why you got divorced. Show some maturity and re-word your description better, you might actually find someone!!!!! Hopefully the webmaster sees how sick you are and removes your ad! Give me a break!!!"I attempted to reply back to him with my usual sarcastic self-depreciating wit paired with a short "you don't know the first thing about me" comment but either he blocked my e-mail address or he simply cannot receive e-mails at that account. Who knows? Feel free to attempt to spam the mother or sign up for crazy newsletters with the address.I had a nice conversation with HighD this afternoon. Apparently she has been perusing my page (Hey there, thanks for visiting!) and said she thought it took alot of courage to put it all out there like this. Comments like that make my day and drive me to continue writing. My foremost reason for doing this is to get into the habit of writing as often as possible but my secondary motive is to entertain and get feedback from others. In short thanks everybody! You're the best.Emotion check: I'm sure there is an underlying concern within everyone (to include myself although I would never admit it in public... Oops!) for my well being considering my current situation so I've decided to update how I'm "feeling" every time I update my blog. So, impatient would be it. I'm ready to get this whole thing behind me and get on with my life. Otherwise I'm pretty excited to move on to bigger and better things. Other emotions come and go in waves. For awhile I would go from one extreme to the other every couple hours; the feelings lingering for an hour or so. Now it's a considerably longer time frame for each flip-flop and only for a few minutes at a time. So I'm slowly coping with it. They say for every four years of marriage people need about a year to completely heal. For our almost six months of marriage I guess I'll need about a month and a half... Give me two and I'll be back to my old man hating woman worshipping ways. Speaking of woman worshipping:This blog was supposed to begin thusly: Dam* it's nice to sit back with a Bacardi and Coke and relax. This would lead me into the topic I planned on grappling for the duration of this session; only I figured I should get the "Top News Stories" out of the way. Melissa brought to my attention that my sister (who is absolutely fabulous, by the way) doesn't have my blog address. My first reaction was she's right; I better get on the internet and get her this address. Then... I thought of my parents. I have hidden alot of things from them. The divorce for starters. I still haven't told them. Not so terrible because Melissa doesn't plan on telling hers until she gets home. "Welcome home, Melissa!" "Thanks, by the way, Rick and I are getting a divorce." I don't think I'll be able to do exactly that, but I really would like to wait until Melissa leaves. That way I can say whatever I want however I want and not feel like she's listening in. I don't know; just a weird "I'm Rick and this is how I'm doing it" thing. They don't know that I drink as frequently as I do. Not that I even drink every single week, but they would definitely be surprised at how much I do drink. They don't know that I hate my job. They would never believe I am the utter dirtbag that I am at work. But I'm bitter, beaten, tattered and torn... I think it's scary in a way that I only do as much as I do to ensure I don't have to go home and tell my parents about how I screwed up. Is it bad that the only reason you don't resign to become a complete failure is because you don't want to disappoint your parents? After the threat to be sent to Grounds (I'll tell that story soon) the biggest reason I could think of to fight it was my parents. I don't care about career suicide; mostly because EOD is not going to be any part of my career in the future. In fact, my Military Service will have almost no bearing on my future except for the drive it has given me in certain areas. Back to the subject at hand. Eventually I will give this site to my family. And when I do, it will be like the clean tear of a bandage - I'll give them the key to all of the secrets I've been keeping from them all these years. At least I don't smoke... Although, they do. So I guess maybe I am in a way the apple that fell far from the tree. Or rather fell and then rolled down the mountain and ended up across the state line or something. So,... Mom, Dad; here I am. The good one. The one you're so proud of. But remember, this is another one of those Stubborn Rick things. In time, I try to right every wrong. It just takes me longer with some to get up the resolve. And I'm spent...Finally, I'm going to get permission from "Throb" to talk about something that creative fother mucker is working on. And hey, Throb? Where's our next installment man? Just kidding. Alright everybody, keep writing, keep reading and keep commenting!Peace!Ricky D"Tomorrow never comes unless you do something with it." 
posted by Ricky D @ 11:35 PM  3 comments    
