
=====================================================================
Dearie Me
=====================================================================
 BlogThis! http://www.makepovertyhistory.org 
Dearie Me  
Tuesday, March 15, 2005
Catless Bag  
In this morning's catch-up meeting to discuss the project "plan" I finally cracked and confessed to being "in purgatory" and "at resigning point", much to the surprise and evident shock of my boss. He's proposed "a chat" this afternoon. Can't see it happening today, somehow, but you never know. Quite what it's supposed to achieve is anyone's guess. They've never bothered to listen to me in the past, so why should this time be any different? Can't help but be cynical. Mebbe I should try this "mindfulness" technique they're on about in the paper today.
posted @ 1:47 PM   postCount('111089472206605040'); 
Monday, March 14, 2005
Cack  
Task of the day: create a project plan. I'm reading the "how to" document at the moment. Been stuck on step 1 ("Creating A New Project") all morning so far, because within five seconds of me attempting to read a sentence I've drifted off and checked my mail or fired up Firefox. It is the singularly most skull-splittingly dull document I've ever seen. Much worse than the "tax self-assessment howto", COSHH guidelines on how to safely handle water, or the endless finger-pointing and not-our-faultys produced by BANES council in the vain hope that we'll believe the Spa wasn't their fault.People actually get paid to do this cack. Crapco are actually paying me to do this cack. It's unbelievable.Perspective was briefly attained last night over a bottle of wine. Me and Tuther were musing over the "might have beens" if we'd both carried on our musical interests back in our teens instead of disappearing into a 10-year fog of booze, drugs and shitty money-spinners to pay for them. We decided that cruel fate would still have thrown us together, and if we'd gone on to be pro musicians we'd be just as fucked off with that life as we are with this one. Monday mornings would still be practically the same:'Ah shit. I've got to be in the studio for 10 to record that shit Lloyd-Webber stuff again. I fucking hate the conductor too, he's such a micromanaging twat. Who the fuck is he to tell me to bow it his way? What does he know about it anyhow? All he does is wave a stick about. Just cos he's got the score he thinks he owns the place. Knobhead. And I'm sick of doing ads too. How did we ever get signed up for that bog roll theme anyhow? I suppose it's better than doing those K-Tel James Last covers that some bright spark signed us up for last year. Perhaps I'd be better off going solo, or starting up The Pogo Quartet and milking punters on the wedding circuit. How the fuck did I get into this? Why didn't I follow my instincts and get into computers? Easy money, and you get to do stuff you're actually interested in. Not too late to retrain, though, eh...?'Ah well, that's killed half an hour. On to step 2, "Defining Project Tasks" I guess.
posted @ 10:35 AM   postCount('111079803733831267'); 
Blister  
Getting a bugger of a blister on the side of my left thumb. Lesson three consisted of an introduction to "thumb position", a painful way of getting painfully high notes out of a cello. You have to hold your thumb down across a couple of strings, a bit like a bar(re) chord on a guitar. Hurts like fuck, but "you soon get used to it". Whether I'll ever be able to play the PS2 again remains to be seen.The upside to having an almost-broken thumb today was getting to mess about on a decent cello for an hour. I had a go on my teacher's while she restrung mine ("you'll slice yourself to pieces if you attempt thumb position on those strings"). I wasn't quite sure quite why my cello was crap before, other than the frowns and "hmmm Roumanian plywood rubbish" comments from a couple of people who seem to know what they're talking about - but now I'm convinced. Sigh. No idea how I'll get the cash together for a new one, but it's now at the top of the Must Have List (yup, supplanting even the Half Life 2/Doom 3 PC).Double bonus: I got to borrow a posh bow too ("your bow is a bit crap, frankly" - though I think she put the "a bit" part in to help soften the blow). Another massive eye-opener. You'd think one bow is much the same as any other, right? After all, its just a bit of wood with some horse hair stretched across it. Was I ever wrong. This new thing is amazing. It's almost like I'm not holding anything at all. Perfectly balanced. Effortless. Stunning. Won't be getting one of those in a hurry, either. Just looked them up on the net. $1,450!! For a bit of wood and some old nag's tail!! Fuck's sake!!!
posted @ 10:22 AM   postCount('111079577883690051'); 
Friday, March 11, 2005
Knackered  
Blogger's comments, not (for once) me. Can't seem to leave comments on blogs that use Blogger comments. Oh well. They'd only be trite Friday afternoon tat anyhow. That's this weeks progress report dashed off. Back to the arse-scratching and nose-picking, then. So, what are you up to this weekend? Me, I'm off to the Hop Pole to talk bollocks, drink too much, and end up vomiting my way out of Friday and/or into Saturday. Tomorrow I'll have a hangover, and will fail to get the neigbour's PC to talk to his digital camera. I will, of course, lay the blame firmly at the feet of Bill Gates. No idea what I'll do on Sunday, other than another lesson in the morning. After that it's anyone's guess. Some sort of trip out seems in order. Castles and walkie-talkies sounds like a good plan. Unless it's pissing down.
posted @ 4:16 PM   postCount('111055882842154179'); 
Kind Of Blue  
The switch has flicked. I'm my head I am no longer a Crapco employee. I've stopped half-looking for a job. Now it's a full-on search & rescue job. Talked to a couple of agencies last night, at last. Things have moved from "that GUI job in Bristol" to "just find me any job near Bath, and as soon as possible". Like Dracunculus, I've gone demob happy. Bit foolish/arrogant, considering I haven't even had an interview* yet. But that's me through and through. Foolish and arrogant. Happens every time. I get so far in a job, realise I can't stand it any longer, and just have to bail out. The downside of this particular situation is that if it wasn't for the current team-leading bollocks I'd probably stick it here. Sure, the work's dull and the prospects of it getting any better are slim, but in all other aspects the job's a perfect fit: I can walk to work, it pays reasonably well, the workload's not exactly crushing, the dress code is lax, the hours are flexible, I get 25 days holiday etc. A lot of places only do 20 or 21 these days. It's a cushy number. Or it was, until I had this shitty team leading thing foisted upon me. It's a bit weird really. If anything things are even cushier now. I just delegate everything to "the team". So far he hasn't complained. What I really hate about it is how fraudulent it makes me feel. I turn up every day and have to think of things to make me look busy. All my role really entails is being a tape recorder for my boss and "the team". The boss tells me what to tell the team to do. The team gives his status reports, which I scramble and tell the boss. I just relay misinformation between the two. They might as well save themselves a lot of money and Chinese-whisper-style cockups by replacing me by a dictaphone. Job satisfaction: nil.The plan: get a job offer - slap it down in front of The Micromanager. Issue ultimatum: either you stop pushing me into team leading jobs or I'll have to accept this-'ere job offer. End result: bye bye Crapco, sighs of relief all round, and me finding something else to be pissed off about in the next job. Same shite, different site.* the one across the car park doesn't count
posted @ 9:26 AM   postCount('111053457362396348'); 
Thursday, March 10, 2005
Bogus Blogs  
Now what's going on? A rash of weird spamblogs has broken out with random-ish names like "FatNet", "TightPen", "HappyMap", "LongGun", "CheapBath" and "StraightSail". They appear to contain random dictionary-type entries, and have a blogroll. Why?Eh?What's the point? Is someone trying to bring blogspot down by flooding it with crap postings? You'd thing we could do that on our own. I smell a rat.
posted @ 3:11 PM   postCount('111046752468800017'); 
Wacky WednesThursday  
The penny's just dropped. It's March, right? Mad stuff's supposed to happen, right?Certainly did on the canal towpath just now. First up, a baby rat (first rat of the year - it really must be getting warmer). The scrawny moggie down by the first building site was stock-still on the path in front of me, all tensed up and tail a-swishing. Uh oh... it's seen a bird thunk I. Nope. It was a rat. A mere babe compared to the usual horse-sized efforts we get down there. The rat was staring at the cat and making a strange growling noise, then it leapt *towards* its would-be attacker, which turned and fled.A bit further down the path I became aware of a rapidly-approaching bike behind me. 'Wo-wo! WO!'That scared the living cack out of me. The nutter on the bike was barking. Loudly, and quite convincingly. It echoed off the gas holder across the water.'You what...?' I managed to wibble as he thundered past. Then I saw the dog ahead of him. It, too, had stopped dead in its tracks and had its head cocked to one side, watching as he hurtled past. Bulldog on a bike? it was thinking. Our eyes met. Man and beast shared a moment of revelation:'Fuckwit'I mean, hasn't he heard of a bell? And, if he's that bothered about Fido getting caught up in his chain, why doesn't he just slow the fuck down a bit? Another example of the 125mph generation. Fuckwits all.Third and final moment of madness occurred just by the Sainsburys petrol station. At first I thought it was the fumes doing my head in as usual. But no. It really was a bloke in a lab coat with an enormous pair of rabbit ears. Come to think of it I've seen him before. Student type. Probably thinks he's being outrageously individual as he trudges to the bus stop to be delivered to his Microsoft indoctrination computer science course. The first time I saw him I thought you must be fucking freezing, mate. The second time I thought oh dear, and today I just thought lose the hat, fuckwit.
posted @ 9:17 AM   postCount('111044715220651148'); 
Wednesday, March 09, 2005
For Real  
Explore Hungary While You Get Your Teeth Done...screams a new ad that's just been pinned to the kitchen notice board. It goes on to list various airlines that'll get you there in 2.5 hours, and the entertaining things you can get done to your teeth when you arrive.I don't belieeeeeeve it.
posted @ 4:15 PM   postCount('111038518640531539'); 
WADS  
I have Worktime Attention Deficit Syndrome. Drug me. Now.
posted @ 2:55 PM   postCount('111038032220282091'); 
Strike 1  
At last. One of the job apps has got back to me. No joy. But at least they bothered to reply. Intriguing-sounding GUI/realtime job near Temple Meads. Handy for the bus and train. Trouble is it's through the same shitty agency (Computer Futures) that haven't bothered to reply to the last application yet. Time for a bit of googling and a direct application, I think.
posted @ 11:58 AM   postCount('111036962579735295'); 
Gas  
First hot air balloon of the season. Must be Spring. Biggest Littlun's caught a cold, undoubtedly as a result of slopping about in a pool full of gob. So far I haven't got the usual post-CP cold, nor a sore throat, and even my right lug's emptied itself. Bit of a wax collector, my right lug. Had it syringed a few years ago. Very entertaining.The good news: the rash is fading. Nastee. I must write them a letter. They'll only send me vouchers for my next trip, of course.The bad news: the chair still feels like a swimming pool. I'm swishing back and forth as I type. Odd. Never had it this long before. So, last night - Landeg White. He's a poet, apparently. Never heard of him meself, but he turned up at the uni for the first hour of our sesh to read us some of his stuff. I went in feeling slightly cynical (my default condition) and a tad miffed that I was being subjected to more poetry - after all, I did all that last year and had thought we were done. Came out feeling slightly inspired, but I don't quite know why. Could have been the free wine after the reading, I guess. His poems were mostly about his time in Africa, and meant little to me. But the tone struck a chord. I even asked him a couple of questions. 1. Why write poetry and not prose? Paraphrased answer: Because for a prose piece you know what you're going to say. You have the argument reasoned out. You know what point you're trying to make. With poetry you don't. You learn something in the writing of it.Got me thinking, that one...2. What's the trigger, then? What makes you sit down and scribble away at something that you have no real feel for?You want to discover how you really feel about it. You're shocked about the tsunami, for example, but do you really give a toss? Slap down some lines and see where they take you.Whoa. Cool. I like this idea. It's the economy of words that appeals, I think. With a poem you can't write paragraphs of waffle and make it work. It's got to be direct and to the point. Not something I've had much practise at. Waffling away on a blog makes me sloppy.Somebody else asked "what makes a good poem?" His reply was simple: "bin all the adjectives and if the verbs and nouns have an impact, you've got something special on your hands". Cool, again. I'm not sure why. But that idea's fizzing away in the background too, now. Meanwhile, I've got a month to knock up a short story for this unit's assessment. Got a "P-" for my playwriting - plenty of scope for improvement. I'm amazed he didn't fail me outright, given that I knocked it up over two or three nights tops and didn't edit it. Couldn't be arsed. Dialogue alone is bloody boring to write, and ridiculously restrictive. 2000-2500 words on any subject I like. I've settled on my favourite theme, again: isolation.
posted @ 9:09 AM   postCount('111036080506493573'); 
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
Only A Prawn In Whitby  
Utterly stuck for something "productive" to do right now. The last clue left my head sometime last week, and now I'm just sitting here typing randomly. Insane.
posted @ 4:08 PM   postCount('111029818988277880'); 
Mappy Happy  
Oh yeah, forgot to rave about the new craze - Mappy. The folks we went to CP with took one of these retro-game gadgets that you plug into the telly. Mappy, Galaga, Ms Pacman, Xevious, and summat else I can't remember now. Mappy?Never heard of it meself. Like many of the retrogames though, it's totally addictive. Had to google around for the Mame ROM last night, I'm that hooked. Bonus was discovering MacMAME too, so now I can play it on the laptop too. Didn't take me long to nab all the old faves, and this morning I chomped my way through brekky to the strains of the Moon Cresta tune. Bizarre. I was transported back 20-odd years to a chippy in Workington and didn't even have to leave my seat. Unfortunately I'm at college tonight, so Asteroids, Galaxians, Scramble, Battlezone, Centipede, Lunar Rescue, Space Invaders, Xevious and Defender will all have to wait until tomorrow morning. Sigh. Just when I'd managed to get myself into a productive state of mind, too.
posted @ 12:43 PM   postCount('111028625292690511'); 
Seasick  
You ever been on a long distance flight and then spent the next day feeling like you're still bobbing up and down in your seat? I've got the Beerhearter's equivalent of that now. My body is convinced that it's washing back and forth in the water. Very disconcerting if I close my eyes - an action that comes readily as I stare blankly at all the "work" on my screen.ZzzzzZZzzzZzzzz.
posted @ 12:38 PM   postCount('111028564663818814'); 
Itchy  
"I [HEART] BEER"I was stuck behind this car window sticker all the way back to my "villa" yesterday in the usual "changeover day" traffic jam. Actually, it wasn't that usual at all. It was much worse than usual. Those Center Parcs fuckers have gone and built a wad of extra apartments there since the last time I went a couple of years ago. People everywhere. Horrendous.I'm not sure why they bill the place as a "haven of tranquility" nowadays. They've ripped up the Giant Redwoods Boardwalk and plonked a load of Executive Apartments there. The peaceful amble between Sub-tropical Swimming Paradise Tropical Swimming Sub-paradise* and "the Village Square" is another mass of apartments. They're building EVEN MORE apartments on the formerly-peaceful road from the Archery place to the pool. Tch.It used to be pretty busy before. Now it's totally crammed. Half of them smoke, too. Remember you're inside a big dome. Blech. It doesn't take that many cigars to destroy that feeling of total rejuvenation and relaxation.To escape the smoke you have to go swimming. But try going for a blob round the Lazy River when you've got twenty I [HEART] BEERers barging past. So you go for a splash in the main pool, but then the Tarzan call goes off and suddenly everone's in there with you waiting for the wave machine to start. Suddenly it's standing room only, and whoops of delight mix with whoops of pain and anger as flailing limbs accidentally smash into noses.Bugger that. It's off outside for a splash down the Wild Water Rapids. Unfortunately they've gone from being a family-friendly frolic in the foam to a frantic dash down trying to stay ahead of the hairy gutbucket I [HEART] BEERers you can hear just behind you. Stop at a slide to catch your breath and they barrel past, elbows and heels a-digging on their way. Not very pleasant when you're trying to look after your six-year-old.Exhausted and bruised, you retreat to "Huckleberrys" for that nice veggie fajita you had last time, only to discover they've ditched pretty much all the veggie options bar one. You plump for the salmon and a lot of beer, and let weariness swamp you. All that's left to do is go back to the villa, pack the kids off to bed, and [HEART] BEER. The verdict: 6 out of 10, could do better. Center Parcs is going downhill. They're obviously trying to pack as many people in as possible these days.Suggestion for CP management: build an entirely new "resort" instead of shoehorning more people into your existing places. You're ruining them. Oh yeah, and sort out the water. What the hell are you putting in it? Hydrochloric acid? I've got a bugger of a rash. * Cheers Nick :-) You should have your own blog then shysters like me wouldn't nab your ideas :-)
posted @ 9:20 AM   postCount('111027640136208974'); 
Thursday, March 03, 2005
Coasting  
Not a peep from either job application yet. I knew keeping the date of birth in was a mistake. "The Agency": Act One, Scene One[Agency office interior. Mid morning. Focus on plastic cheeseplant, pan to DDEBBYYEE, sitting at her computer. KELVYN is sitting at the desk next to her, picking his nose and flicking the recently-retrieved contents at the company calendar on his desk]KELVYN: Bingo! March 7th! I ain't answering no mail till March 7th.DDEBBYYEE: Yo, Kel, another old fart for the shredder.KELVYN: Woot! Owold's this loser then?DDEBBYYEE: 40 in April.[Pause. Both crack up and fall of their chairs]KELVYN (picking himself up. He is breathless with mirth): You... I.... woot!DDEBBYYEE: Holy shit, Kel, I gone and pissed me knickers.KELVYN: Blimey, you're wearing some today?DDEBBYYEE: Yeah. Cold innit.KELVYN: Lessee this tosser's CV then.DDEBBYYEE: Ere you go. Back in a sec. Got to mop up.[KELVYN opens the email, starts laughing uncontrollably again, and eventually vomits into the bin]KELVYN: Crapco! Man. This fucker's fucked.etc, ad nauseum
posted @ 3:34 PM   postCount('110986502499182196'); 
Ewfff  
Garlic mayo cheese Schwartz, fries, pint of Gem and a packet of Jonathan Crisp ("crisps for snobs") Jalapeno crisps. Steer clear. If I belch on you you'll get third-degree burns.Parp.
posted @ 1:54 PM   postCount('110985815205073003'); 
Humiliation By Wooden Box  
Or, more accurately, Humiliation By Wires Stretched Across Curvy Wooden Box As They Are Stroked By Smelly Old Horse Hairs, Themselves Stretched Across An Cunningly Shaped Old Tree Branch. Yup, second cello lesson last night. I actually had to play something other than a scale this time. Drastic. I'd just been put through my paces, singing (well, warbling in a very embarrassed fashion - I don't "sing", even to myself, as it's too horrible) "intervals".'Sing me a major third above this note...'Plonk. Random note picked on piano. Much clearing of throat, heat dissipation from face, waterfalling of armpits, and croaky attempts to find the right note.'Okay. Good...' (Good? Wot? Is she tone deaf?) '.. try a fifth above this...'Plonk. More gurgling, sweating, blushing and croaking.'Good!' (Hmmm. She didn't seem the patronising type) '... perfect fourth..?'Plonk. Howl.'Okay. Minor third...?'Plonk. Woof. 'Wow. You're near pitch-perfect.''Yewot? You're taking the... Erm, you're joking, right?''Nope. And you can stop all that going red nonsense, there's nothing wrong with your voice. You've just never used it.''Oh. Blimey.'So, ego swelling from this unexpected revelation, she sticks the pin in.'Okay. Let's finish with the theory for this session. How about you play me something? The Bach?''Sure' (heheheh, I've practised this! I'm gonna blow her away!)Thirty seconds later I was several bars into probably the worst attempt I've ever made on the piece. Total musical carnage. Crotchets and semiquavers flying indiscriminately through the air, shrapnel-sharps and collateral-damaging-flats all over the place. Notes not so much coaxed by gentle bowing as tortured by rack and ripped out reluctantly from the depths of the cello. An absolute shambles.She sank lower on her stool, head in hands, fingers not quite in her ears, but subconsciously getting ready to plug themselves in if the din didn't die down very quickly. Luckily I got to the Difficult Bit and just sort-of flopped over the instrument in defeat. 'Hmmmm. A bit jerky in places. And you started off on the wrong note. Then it all went a bit downhill after that, really, didn't it?''mumble' (you're just being kind, go on, say it was a pile of shit)'But there's nothing wrong with your coordination. You just need to hit the right notes. And relax a bit. Well, a lot, in fact.''mumble wibble not very good at playing in front of folk' (how can I play in front of you, a genuine goddess of the cello, who makes tuning up sound like a work of art?)'Well, I'm here to help. If you can't play in front of me you'll never get anywhere.''Ah, sod it, I'll have another go then?''Go for it'Pique is a Good Thing. I almost managed to hit the right notes this time. Until I got to the Difficult Bit again.'Okay. That's more like it. I thought we were back to Square One for a second there. You need to relax, but you'll get there.'Phew. I came out absolutely buzzing. I'd been in there just over an hour and discovered half a dozen things I never knew about myself. Amazing. Thrilling. Intoxicating. Can't think of any flowery words to say this:MUSIC IS BRILLIANT.
posted @ 12:08 PM   postCount('110985128674847555'); 
What...?  
What was I supposed to be heading into town for this lunchtime? Any ideas? Buggered if I know. There's this nagging in the back of my mind: you need to head into town this lunchtime. Can't for the life of me think why. Every meandering dark alley of thought leads to "to carry on reading Dead Air in your usual spot in The Salamander, with a pint of Gem and a packet of MSG-laden, lard-soaked fried spud slivers for company". Is that it? Can't think why I'd make a mental note to do that, it happens by default.Confused. Possibly even dazed. Or both.
posted @ 11:17 AM   postCount('110984885873641592'); 
Cheesemakers  
Via Simon at Bluetealeaf, an excellent site called Religion is Bullshit!. It might have been better named Christianity is Bullshit!, but I'm just nitpicking. Check it out. The man makes sense to me.
posted @ 9:50 AM   postCount('110984382518448315'); 
Constantly Contradicting Myself
BOYCOTT TESCO AND WATERSTONES! About Me
Name:pogo 
Location:Bath, United Kingdom 
Three things:
1. Don't take me seriously. If I don't, why should you? 
2. Everything posted here is the truth, the half-truth, or nothing like the truth. 
3. If you don't like it, don't read it :-)
Photo, courtesy of Gaisgeach Deefex Photographic. Sorry I'm not smiling. The beer wasn't up to much. And finally... 
View my complete profile 
Previous Posts
* Catless Bag 
* Cack 
* Blister 
* Knackered 
* Kind Of Blue 
* Bogus Blogs 
* Wacky WednesThursday 
* For Real 
* WADS 
* Strike 1 
Wisdom
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it. -- Malcolm X 
Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -- Winston Churchill 
and, ironically...
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation. -- Oscar Wilde 
:-) Everything else
«#Euro Blogs?» 
«#Blogging Brits?» 
«#Anonworkblogs?» 
Blogarama 
Site Feed 
RSS Feed 
var site="s18goopy" 
setTimeout('document.parentWindow.document.body.disabled = true;document.parentWindow.document.body.disabled = false;',100); 
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
nbsp;
