
=====================================================================
The Voice of Amateur Radio
=====================================================================
 BlogThis!  The Voice of Amateur Radio  
A place for my opinions and where other amateur radio operators can comment
Tuesday, March 15, 2005
NEW POLL  
HERE'S A NEW POLL AND PLEASE THINK BEFORE VOTING.N9OGL
Did you hear N9OGL iNFORMATION BULLETIN and did it effect the way you voted in the first poll	
YES, I hear N9OGL BULLETIN	
NO I didn't hear N9OGL BULLETIN	
 	
Free polls from Pollhost.com	
 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 8:28 AM | 0 comments   
Monday, March 14, 2005
The FCC  
The Federal Communication Commission (FCC) are slime, no they are below slime. As most of aware I have been fighting a long battle against the FCC over the licensing system. This battle began in the 1997, 1998 when I applied six time for a Low Power TV license for a community which has no local television service. The FCC dismissed the application and waivers because they weren't filed during the filing window(although the courts had ruled that the FCC must consider waivers and waivers can be filed at anytime). As I stated to John Shimkus (who's on the House Sub Committee on Telecommunication) why should I or anyone else continue to apply for a license if the FCC won't consider an application or waiver. It is in fact a waste of time and MONEY to continue to try to get a license, and the ones who hurt the most is the community. Here in central Illinois there are not that many TV stations, so there is a number of television frequency available. So by not consider my application and waiver the FCC hurt the public interest because the community of Taylorville still has no local TV service. So after applying six times I decide to go on the air without a license because it was a waste of time to apply. In 1999 my group applied for a low power FM license and again the FCC and Congress FUCKED me, my group and the community out of a valuable resource. Now, I'm going to enlighten the ham community with my knowledge and I'm not going to let some licensed CB operator screw me out of that....So let the fight begin! 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 9:27 PM | 1 comments   
MORONS FROM THE NEWSGROUP!!!  
If you haven't noticed ALL the Morons from the newsgroup rec.radio.amateur.policy have descended onto my website. I call them all morons because they lack of intelligence to grasp what I've been trying to say. They are morons because they think MY information bulletins are illegal yet, when I asked them to prove it, all they did was call me retarded, a megalomaniac, and other names. They claim that Information Bulletins can not be opinionated yet, when I asked to prove it they invaded the question. So no matter what these little morons believe my information bulletins are legal and there nothing these whinny little bitchwhore can do about it. 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 8:56 PM | 2 comments   
N9OGL BACK ON ECHOLINK!!!!  
N9OGL is back on ECHOLINK and will be running it at night after classes between 10.00 pm to 1.00 am CST for those who want to chat with the GREAT ONE! 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 4:08 PM | 1 comments   
N9OGL PICTURE TWO  
posted by Todd Daugherty at 12:25 PM | 0 comments   
N9OGL'S ART  
N9OGL'S PICTURE ONE 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 12:14 PM | 0 comments   
COUNTING DOWN......  
For those who are unaware, I am currently a student at Lincoln Land Community College, and as of today March 14 2005 there is only 36 more days of school left.I will however be attending school in the summer time to kill off some of my spring of 2006 classes. That way will not have to go next spring, However I probably will. 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 12:04 PM | 0 comments   
Summer Seasonal Projects  
From the Desk of N9OGL: The following is a list of the summer seasonal project which N9OGL will be doing, The season of summer begins in May of 2005 to September of 2005. This list maybe modified and amended at anytime.1. Putting the N9OGL repeater (146.835 -600K offset) to a 60 Ft tower.2. Reestablishing Echolink on the N9OGL repeater.3. Address any problems with the echolink4. Allocated funds for the Summer season for projects.5. Remove, recycle, throw away, any old projects that are no longer being used.### END FILE 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 11:53 AM | 1 comments   
Saturday, March 12, 2005
N9OGL WILL START POSTING....  
N9OGL will beginning to post audio from his Information bulletins in two weeks on the web. N9OGL ordered a new computer and it will be used as a server for his orginal website http://216.176.81.228/n9ogl.html which right now is down. the site will have a place where amateur's can listen to or download his information bulletins. updates on the site will be posted on here on the other site. 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 5:13 AM | 0 comments   
Tack Board Added  
posted by Todd Daugherty at 4:44 AM | 2 comments   
POLL  
Do you think N9OGL Information Bulletins are legal??	
yes	
no	
Never heard them	
No Comment	
  	
Free polls from Pollhost.com	
 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 4:06 AM | 1 comments   
Friday, March 11, 2005
Todd Daugherty N9OGL  
posted by Todd Daugherty at 12:59 AM | 1 comments   
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
Information Bulletins  
There has been some bitching and whining on the newsgroup rec.radio.amateur.policy about my information bulletin. The complaining comes from Amateur Radio operators who feel that information bulletins aren't suppose to be "opinionated" yet, when I repeatly asked them what rule or ruling from the FCC states that information bulletins can't be opinionated, they never responded except to badmouth my grammar. So lets look at the history and regulations governing Information Bulletins.To start lets look at the definitions as prescribed under Part 97. Under Part 97.3(a)(10) Broadcasting is defined as Transmissions intended for reception by the general public, either direct or relayed. While under Part 97.3(a)(26) Information bulletins are defined as A message directed only to amateur radio operators consisting solely of subject mater of direct interest to the amateur radio service. The only other rule governing information bulletins can be found in Part 97.111(b)(6) which deals with Authorized One Way Transmissions and it states "Transmissions necessary to disseminate information bulletins". No where in either 97.3(a)(26) nor in 97.111(b)(6) does it state a information bulletin can not be opinionated. I can't really figure out how it came to be that amateur's feel that other amateurs can run bulletins that are opinionated. They are not illegal, nor is there any rules prohibiting such transmission. Under 47 USC 326 the FCC is banned from controlling the content of any station, except for obscene and indecent material. So where and how did the amateur come up the notion that information bulletins can't be opinionated? Many amateur feel that opinions are not information, This however is not true, here in the United States this country was based on the belief of the free flow of idea's. Information is 50% fact and 50% opinion, and without the opinions of people the free flow idea's will be eliminated. The problem I see is that amateur's don't want other amateur's to be opinionated and/or afraid that some of those amateur's opinion might be the deep down the truth of problems within the service. The other thing is, many amateur's feel that opinionated program, even if is about amateur related is Broadcasting. This is not true either; As stated above broadcasting is programming directed to the general public. There's where the line is drawn, Broadcasting is programming which is directed to the general public, while information bulletins is programs directed to the amateur in general. In closing No matter what amateur's on that newsgroup thinks, the N9OGL SHOW is a program directed only to the amateur radio service, not the general public. The N9OGL SHOW will be on the air for a long time and I will fight, to keep it on the air.Todd Daugherty N9OGLTHE N9OGL SHOW20 METERSSATURDAY'S 4.00 PM TO 5.00 PM CST 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 6:58 AM | 0 comments   
Sunday, February 13, 2005
The Death of Amateur Radio  
The Death of Amateur RadioBy Todd Daugherty N9OGL I’ve been asked on the newsgroup rec.radio.amateur.policy to back up my statements regarding the death of amateur radio and the FCC’s suppression of free speech on the radio. Therefore, I’ve deiced to write this paper on the subject. Now, I know there are amateur radio operators who will not read this article or will write it off as the writes by some crack pot. But one must remember everyone has an opinion; this happens to be mine. Amateur radio is slowing dying; now many amateurs would disagree with that statement however, this is a harsh reality. Now as I stated above I have been asked to “prove it” so that what I’m attending to do. Amateur radio is dying because it is unable to keep up with commercial services. On February of 2000 I participated in a discussion entitled “What the heck is Packet radio go for anyway” which was started by someone named “Inquisitor” anyway I pointed out that Packet Radio didn’t have the variety as the internet. If packet was to grow packet would have to basically compete with the internet. One amateur radio operator Charles Brabham N5PVL made this statement in responds to mine:N9OGL:” My point is Packet does not have the variety like the internet and when a person comes up with a new idea for packet or a new program idea for packet it is seemed to be frowned upon by other operators. So packet radio will remain in last place behind the Internet, and Wireless systems.”N5PVL: “I hate to be the one to break it to you, but Packet Radio is not a commercial communications network, and so does not "compete" with commercial communications networks in any way.Packet is for Amateur Radio operators who enjoy digital communications *independent* of commercial communications networks and the Internet.Of course it's different... It's supposed to be, for a number of reasons. If it offered exactly the same thing as the commercial nets, there would be no reason for it to exist at all.Try thinking this stuff through, every once in a while.”N9OGL “Variety does not have to be a new idea or program but a BBS with it's own stuff in it and not some Forwarded stuff from other places have BBS systems for just for sale stuff and another BBS for Digital communication idea or one with General Amateur radio stuff but leave all the for sale stuff in the for sale BBS.”N5PVL “That's up to the individual BBS SYSOP. My BBS has offered a good variety of info above and beyond the daily bulletins for over a decade now... So what?”N9OGL “Give the BBS a variety and its own individualism. Stuff on BBS doesn’t have to be just "For Sale" and jokes On Amateur radio you can talk about anything not just radio. But again you have Amateurs who don't want change whether it packet or anything in the Amateur radio service. So Packet will be like ancient modes of communication it will die out because those people will not accept changing the system”N5PVL “Blah blah blah... Yah yah yah... Too lazy and stupid to do anything yourself, but you have plenty of energy at hand for the purpose of denigrating the efforts of others. Maybe you should just stick your head in the toilet...Flush twice! It's a long way to Washington D.C.!--73 DE Charles Brabham, N5PVL N5PVL @ N5PVL.#NTX.TX.USA.NOAM http://www.texoma.net/~n5pvlNow the reason I bring this up is simply that this misguided amateur radio operator WAS trying to prove a point which he could not; simply for two reasons. The first is that most of the BBS systems on packet were on the forwarding system and the vast majority of messages on the BBS systems were all the same. Regardless to what Mr. Brabham said this was a harsh reality. What Mr. Brabham didn’t realize was at the time of that post I had been running TWO BBS systems on packet. Most packet operators didn’t want no “individuals” running a BBS system and not use the forwarding system. Today, here in Illinois packet radio is nothing more then a vast memory. All the Nodes and BBS systems are gone. Gone for two reasons the first is the BBS operators were running their forwarding system on the user frequency. The second reason is as I stated in my post that there was no variety and all amateur radio operators went to the internet. Packet Radio was a prelude of what will happen to amateur radio. Like N5PVL stated “I hate to be the one to break it to you, but Packet Radio is not a commercial communications network, and so does not "compete" with commercial communications networks in any way.” This seems to be the attitude of all amateur radio operators when it comes to competing with other services. For amateur radio to survive they are going to have to compete with the internet or there will be no amateur radio in near future. As I stated on the newsgroup rec.radio.amateur.policy look at it this way. Go to streets of your town as ask the average person on the street if they had a choice between the Internet and Amateur radio which one would they pick? The vast majority of people would pick the internet. The reason is the internet provides a vast variety of information unlike amateur radio. People can talk via email, chat rooms, voice communication and other systems over the internet. With Internet 2 coming out the Internet with grow ever more. Why should someone take the time to get a license to talk to people all over the world via radio when they can do it on the internet? For amateur radio to grow amateur radio operators are going to have to get out of this not competing attitude. One of the problems that helps propagate this no competing attitude is both the amateur and FCC’s view on content control. Section 326 of the Communication Act of 1934 prohibits the FCC for controlling the content of ANY radio station. This also applies to the amateur radio service. However, this seems NOT to be the case. When I announced on the newsgroup about my Information bulletin I received a post from Riley Hollingsworth the FCC chief enforcer of the amateur radio service. Telling me to let him know when I go on the air so he can send me a “QSL CARD”. The QSL card he was of course talking about was a warning letter. This of course is not the first time Mr. Hollingsworth who works for the FCC tried to suppress Free Speech. One of the most known FCC free speech suppression cases is the Liberty Net. Here’s an article from Newsline: “FCC vs. The Liberty Net Riley Hollingsworth and the FCC are questioning if a controversial 75 meter SSB net really has any place on the ham bands. The group is called the Liberty Net. It operates nightly at 3.950 MHZ and is primarily an open discussion or right wing politics and conservative causes. But, in a May 7th letter to Victor Misek, W1WCR,Hollingsworth requests that the Hudson NewHampshire ham review the Basis and Purpose of Amateur Radio as outlined in Section 97.1 of the Commissions rules. He then tells Misek to explain to the Commission how the operation of the Liberty Net can be justified. But it’s another Hollingsworth statement that draws the proverbial line in the sand between the FCC and the Liberty Net. Hollingsworth tells Misek – and we quote -- "We are unable to determine how transmissions of this group met the standards of, or contribute to the purpose of, the allocation of frequencies for the Amateur Radio Service." In other words, the FCC appears to be questioning whether the content of communications by those involved in the Liberty Net meet the minimum requisite requirements to be transmitted in the ham radio bands. And Hollingsworth goes even further. He suggests that the Liberty Net might want to consider moving to the Internet or wait to wait and see if the Commission creates a low power FM broadcast service. If it does, the net might then want to apply for a broadcasting license grant. (FCC)The part one should look at is the part in which Hollingsworth stated that the Liberty Net should look at the internet or apply for a low power FM license. Apparently Mr. Hollingsworth never heard of Section 326. Now Mr. Hollingsworth isn’t the only FCC official that has done this; in 1990 the FCC sent letters out to 19 Net and Bulletin stations on 20 meters and of course the ARRL a.k.a. The Amateur Radio Nazi Party deiced to stick their Gestapo free speech suppression nose in it. Stating in ARRL Letter and World Radio “The League maintains that the disputes can resolved by enforcing existing FCC regulations: One-way Broadcast, if they go beyond the accepted norms for such transmissions on the Amateur bands their illegal…” So who’s to say is the “ACCEPTED NORM”?? The ARRL, why not the FCC could give the ARRL the power and therefore Free speech could be suppressed. The first Amendment bars the government from stomping on free speech, but it doesn’t apply to the ARRL which is a national organization from doing it. Who’s the one pushing to K1MAN off the air?? The ARRL and its members. I was asked on the newsgroup to prove how I’m being suppressed. Well, when you have a FCC official threaten you with a warning letter over your Information bulletin which hadn’t even begun. Then the idea if suppression of Free Speech by a Federal agency is a primary example of my right to voice my opinion is being suppressed by the FCC. 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 4:21 AM | 1 comments   
Wednesday, February 09, 2005
FCC PROPAGANDA  
Opening Remarks of Chairman Michael PowellFCC Low Power FM ForumWashington D.C.February 8, 2005Good morning to everyone, and welcome to our FCC home and to Washington D.C. I had a few minutes when I first got here to walk around and speak to some of you. It’s really quite heartening to see such a constellation of community leaders from all over the country which I think, is the living embodiment of the promise that we hoped for five years ago when we first initiated the Low Power FM process. I’m really, really excited to have all of you here so that we can go through the exercise of celebrating our accomplishments --- and from the many people I have met, there are many --- taking stock of where we are, and looking at what we need to move toward the future.Low Power FM truly represents a unique opportunity to give new voice to old communities, and to new communities as well. It really holds a special place in our heart here at the Federal Communications Commission and I think a special place in America.So I’m very excited to have this first-ever forum of its type --- and it won’t be the last --- to share as a community our experiences, learn from each other, and see where we need to go. The Commission remains, as it always has, a deeply committed partner of yours in this wonderful endeavor.As you know, one of the most significant things the Commission has done recently is in our report to Congress to urge that Congress lift the third adjacency restrictions that limit the availability of spectrum. We were excited that in 2004 Senator John McCain was willing to sponsor this legislation, and I have been told on the phone this morning that Senator McCain will introduce the LPFM bill this morning, again seeking the removal of the third adjacency restrictions which will provide new opportunities. So we’re off to a fast start in the new Congress. I am hopeful and excited about this and we will have full support here at the Commission behind trying to make that a reality. That’s an exciting thing.We at the Commission also know that we need to continue our efforts here as well. I want to emphasize that our Media Bureau, which has always been a champion of this service, is working very, very hard to draft a set of orders and NPRM’s as we continue to try to address some of the issues that have been raised by this community. I am personally working on overseeing them, and we hope to present an item to our colleagues as soon as possible.Today we’re going to have a wonderful morning. I think we have an outstanding program planned for you, and we’re really excited to hear from people who have made such a commitment to serve the public and to bring new diversity, new voices, and renewed vigor to the high ideal of localism. We look forward to listening, learning and setting a new path for the continued growth and blossoming of this wonderful service.Thank you for being with us. 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 1:15 AM | 0 comments   
MORE FCC PROPAGANDA  
FCC ANNOUNCES AGENDA FOR LOW POWER fm fORUMTO BE HELD fEBRUARY 8, 2005 This Public Notice advises interested parties of the agenda for the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)’s Low Power FM Forum, which will be held in the Commission Meeting Room at FCC Headquarters, 445 12th Street, S.W., Washington, DC, on February 8, 2005. The morning event will be open to the public, and no advance reservation or registration is required. The Low Power FM (LPFM) radio service was created by the Commission in 2000. Stations operate with an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100 watts (0.1 kilowatts) or less and cover a range of about 5.6 kilometers or 3.5 miles. LPFM stations are available to noncommercial educational entities and public safety and transportation organizations, but are not available to individuals or for commercial operations. LPFM operators may bring information about their stations for display in the Commission Meeting Room during the forum.AGENDA – February 8, 20059:30 a.m. – 9:50 a.m. Welcomeo FCC Chairman Michael K. Powello FCC Commissioners9:50 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. Panel: LPFM -- Meeting Local Needs Moderator: Stephen Svab, Audio Division, FCC Panelists:o Lucas Benitez, Broadcaster, WCIW-LP, Immokalee, FL, Interfaith Action of Southwest Florida, Inc.o Paul A. Billings, General Manager, WUVS-LP, Muskegon, MI, Founder, The West Michigan Community Help Networko Marc Jones, Manager, Broadcast Operations, WMVK-LP, Perryville, MD, State of Maryland, MDOT, Maryland Transit Administrationo Michael Murphy, Faculty Advisor, and George Benson, Student General Manager, WMLZ-LP, Temperance, MI, Bedford Public Schoolso Douglas J. Neatrour, WOMA-LP, Lebanon, PA, Executive Director, Latino American Media Organization of Pennsylvania, Inc.o Michael Shay, Project Manager, WRYR-LP, Sherwood, MD, Vice President, South Arundel Citizens for Responsible Development 11:00 a.m. – 11:15 a.m. Break 11:15 a.m. – 12:05 p.m. Panel: Issues Affecting LPFM Moderator: Natalie Roisman, Policy Division, FCC Panelists:o Dr. Jon A. Gerbracht, WEES-LP, Ocean City, MD, Treasurer, Edinboro Early School, Inc.o Marianne Knorzer, Station Manager, KRBS-LP, Oroville, CA, Board Member, Bird Street Media Projecto Harold Kozlowski, WCNH-LP, Concord, NH, President, Highland Community Broadcastingo Chris Lash, WFSJ-LP, Indiana, PA, President, Godstock Ministrieso Sakura Saunders, Programming Committee Member and Journalist, KDRT-LP, Davis, CA, Davis Community Television12:05 p.m. – 12:20 p.m. Comments from LPFM providers in the audience12:20 p.m. – 12:30 p.m. Closing Remarks W. Kenneth Ferree, Chief, Media BureauWebcast and Video Audio/Video coverage of the meeting will be broadcast live over the Internet from the FCC’s Audio/Video Events web page at www.fcc.gov/realaudio.Reasonable Accommodations Open captioning will be provided for this event. Other reasonable accommodations for people with disabilities are available upon request. Include a description of the accommodation you will need including as much detail as you can. Also include a way we can contact you if we need more information. Make your request as early as possible; please allow at least 5 days advance notice. Last minute requests will be accepted, but may be impossible to fill. Send an e-mail to fcc504@fcc.gov or call the Consumer & Governmental Affairs Bureau at 202-418-0530 (voice), 202-418-0432 (tty)Contact: Peggy Greene, peggy.greene@fcc.gov, 202-418-2389. News media contact: Rebecca Fisher, rebecca.fisher@fcc.gov, 202-418-2359.- FCC - 
posted by Todd Daugherty at 1:12 AM | 0 comments   
About Me
Name:Todd Daugherty 
Location:Taylorville, Illinois, United States 
I lived in a small community most of my life. I am a ham radio operator and I really enjoy writing and reading. 
View my complete profile 
Previous Posts
* NEW POLL 
* The FCC 
* MORONS FROM THE NEWSGROUP!!! 
* N9OGL BACK ON ECHOLINK!!!! 
* N9OGL PICTURE TWO 
* N9OGL'S ART 
* COUNTING DOWN...... 
* Summer Seasonal Projects 
* N9OGL WILL START POSTING.... 
* Tack Board Added 
Archives
* January 2005   
* February 2005   
* March 2005  
  