
=====================================================================
headissues.igossip.com
=====================================================================
 
Head Issues            
I know this a bit serious but I just want to set up a blog for brain tumor sufferers
Thursday, 3 February 2005	 
back from slumber 
Well, the first three weeks were pretty rough. Sickly feeling most of the day, dead tired all the time. I couldn't be bothered to put finger to keyboard, but slowly and surely I've come back to life. The only problem is that I know in three or four weeks time I have to go through it all again. Tomorrow I have a specialist epilepsy nurse come to see me to discuss my fits and what I can do to control them, that'll be fun, not! He's coming midday so I will just be up in time for him, then I've got a quiet afternoon, a bit of cricket on the tv, that'll keep me going. Had a bit of a shock yesterday; I've been following the diary of a BBC journalist on the BBC website who has had a brain tumour, I'm not sure if it's the same type as mine, I don't think it is but that doesn't matter now because he died. Now, I've felt that I've grown to know him. I've been through the highs and lows of scans, treatments, knock-backs, and uplifts that both of us have had to suffer. He's had a supportive wife and close family and has seen the birth of two children all of whom he has loved very much. Six months ago he was told that he was in remission and he felt that he'd be able to see his youngest grow up, but it wasn't to be. What a bastard of a thing to happen. He was only 37. You can read his diary by going to www.bbc.co.uk and search for Ivan Noble. It's worth it, it's certainly written better than mine.I was really taken aback by this news, I have this years' worth of chemo to endure and at the end of it I don't know what'll happen. Will I have the same fate? How selfish I'm being! It just brings it a little closer to home, that's all. In the meantime I'll keep my spirits up, pour my thoughts out on here a bit in my 'sorry for myself manner' and try and get better... I'm sure I will... Laughter's good, if anybody's got any good funny stories send them through. The darker and twisted the better. One of the good things about British humour is the underlying scathing satire and there's plenty of that on the satellite tv. You septic-tanks won't get any of our shows there, they're to close to the knuckle of depravity and I don't think Georgie boy likes that. If you do get the chance to see anything of ours that slips through the net make sure it's things like 'Monkey Dust', 'The League of Gentlemen' (and we're not talking the movie here), 'The Mighty Boosh' and 'Nighty Night'. I'd like your opinions.
Last Updated: Friday, 4 February 2005 12:15 AM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (0-0) 	
           	
Tuesday, 11 January 2005	 
feeling like crap Well, it's here. The feelings of nausea and tiredness that they warned me of. Can I be bothered to write anything? No is the short answer. If you're interested, I'll be back as soon as I can be arsed.
Last Updated: Tuesday, 11 January 2005 10:31 PM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (0-0) 	
           	
Sunday, 9 January 2005	 
saturday morning tv in bed, nice 
It would have been nice to have slept in a little longer but nine a.m. isn't too bad, anyway staying in bed until twelve thirty is downright decadent. I made myself breakfast and a huge mug of tea, to help wash down the first batch of drugs. So far I still felt okay, a little gutty if you know what I mean, like you need a damn good fart just to sort yourself out. Football (Soccer) on the telly (very English, telly!), day one of the F.A.Cup, the oldest Football Competition in the World so I'm led to believe. A good game to start with shown live; Aston Villa v Sheffield United kick off at 12.15, now there's an interesting aside for you. Sheffield won 3-1 which was a good result for them as they were the distinct underdogs, my Grandfather played for Sheffield United around the early twenties and actually won an F.A.Cup winners medal with them in 1925 maybe they can do it again. That is my only family heirloom, I lost the other one, which was the gold engraved pocket-watch that went with it, something the rest of the family would never forgive me for if I admitted it. My Mother knows, but I can do no wrong as far as she's concerned, she just said 'you've lost the watch, you fucking stupid bastard' and that was it for about three days. That was ten years ago. Maybe it'll turn up one day, I've moved a lot in the intervening time. Apart fom that I heard conflicting stories as to the value of the medal, somebody said that there were hundreds of them and therefore their value was only the weight of gold, i.e. nothing significant. However, I was also told that on Ebay a similarly aged example fetched Â£25,000, now that's a different story! As I can't work at the moment and have no income other than what the state can provide, rent assistance and incapacity benefit, it could come in useful. The problem is how could I tell the rest of the family that I've sold it? Maybe I could offer to sell it to them for what I need to get by...Ploughmans Salad for lunch, anti-sickness tablets, steroids, and anti-convulsants, a heady combination. Plenty of water to drink laced with sugar free orange squash, I don't like sweet drinks but tea is a diuretic and will dehydrate me so I'll grin and bear it. I think to alleviate the stomach thing I should get some ginger tea or cordial as it's a good settler. Another match after lunch, Everton v Plymouth Argyle, a good spirited game that saw Everton do it 3-1, just, but they should have anyway as they were favourites by a long chalk. By the end of that I was footballed out, could take no more, so I watched a documentary by the brother of the guy who interviewed Michael Jackson, Louis Theroux; Marcel. This was about CO2 emmisions and the threat of Global Warming. The message was this -Â we've got thirty years max before it's irreversible if we don't do anything about it starting tomorrow the sea level will rise by between 7 and 15 metres and that means losing Bangladesh, most of India, The Maldives (places that are suffering now), lots of bits of Europe, Africa, Central, Southern, and Northern America. So guys, turn off those lights, turn down the central heating 2 degrees and buy a bike - ditch the car. I know that won't sort it out in 5 minutes but it's a start while we're waiting for an alternative, ideally nuclear as it's clean, not stable, but clean. What's a little cancer in the grand scheme of things, it's all the rage.Dinner of pasta, garlic, mushrooms, bacon, and cheese with a soft boiled egg, sounds foul but is fantastic when it's made by my mate JP. No wine or beer allowed yet, so more bleedin' orange squash. That's all fine. For the rest of the night I tucked myself into Tarantinos' Jackie Brown, a great movie and only the second time I've seen it sober, the previous three I was slaughtered and couldn't follow the patois or storyline. Now I'm in bed again, telling you of my boring day, watching, would you believe, the Louis Theroux documentary on Michael Jackson, how spooky is that?? I've taken my Procarbazine and it's given me indigestion, maybe this is the start of it. Tomorrow is the last day of anti-sickness drugs, after that I'm on my own with another seven days of unprotected poison. What lies ahead? A bit of a diatribe tonight but I feel I have to tell the story so that as you get to know me you'll know the history just a little, and I can become more expressive as I grow to learn my audience in turn through your responses. Love PeteÂ 
Last Updated: Sunday, 9 January 2005 2:18 AM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (0-0) 	
           	
Friday, 7 January 2005	 
Full day one First run of the regime proper after last nights pill-popping started the ball rolling, today was a bit mundane in truth. Three sets of anti-sickness tablets, with breakfast, lunch, and dinner all finished off with another dose of Procarbazine. Like I said yesterday, so far I feel like a fraud as I am fit as a fiddle, despite my usual lethargy (that though, is now becoming a fear of doing anything else other than watching tv)Â which is the absolute norm.Nothing I can really report on that is particularly of note today, I wonder if tomorrow will bring about any change. I'm actually wishing for some developments and symptoms because I want to feel that this is working, it's almost a fascination to find out what it feels like to have a low blood count and bone marrow depression. The way it's going (two doses remember!), bugger all is going to happen. That sounds dreadful, doesn't it? There are probably millions of people around the world undergoing chemo and on the edge of death and here am I willing it to happen. I suppose that I'm just hoping that someone else in the real worldÂ will give me an insight into what to expect. The doctors and nurses have done their bit but they only read it out of textbooks and tow the line in the Patients Charter; a hundred side effects with their possible solutions. But what does it really feel like? Perhaps tomorrow I find out, which could be a real drag as I've been invited out for drinks with friends tomorrow night and I'm looking forward to it. Steve (my driver mate) and his wonderful wife Sandra, and Alan and the lovely Madeleine, the banter would be good over a few halves of Continental Lager and perhaps a packet of ready salted nuts if we're lucky. Damn! I'm not allowed alcohol, so it'll have to be Kaliber alcohol-free beer, ho-hum.The wind is blowing at above gale force outside now, the dogs are barking at nothing in particular in the back garden but probably the Moon and the shapes of the trees, noisy little shit. The lights keep dimming which means there's going to be a power cut soon, therefore no more background tv and a test for the laptop battery. Maybe now is the time to Save and Publish and get my head down and catch up with my faithful reader tomorrow. If you exist. Whatever time of day it is for you, have a good one. Later - right?
Last Updated: Sunday, 9 January 2005 12:09 AM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (1-0) 	
          
  Bonni made this comment,Beautiful words and beautiful thoughts. keep it up!
comment added :: 9th January 2005, 00:09 GMT	  
 	 	
Thursday, 6 January 2005	 
Initiation Ceremony (it isn't that bad) 
I haven't got up so early in the morning for such a long time, waking up at 5 a.m. doesn't help and mulling over stuff as you may have read before. Anyway, tea and porridge to start the day followed by a tepid shower because I was that early that the water heater hadn't even come on. Damn! My chauffeur, Steve, arrived at the appointed hour. He's a good friend who is more than happy to do the journey with me and 'hold my hand'. We had a cuppa together before setting off and watched the first few deliveries of the last day of the Test (England looked like they were in for a pounding, and that's how it turned out, so we weren't too bothered about watching it any longer).Nippy is how you would describe the weather, but we were warm in the car listening to the cricket, wincing with each ball bowled like a couple of old fellas in typical British disapproval of our national teams' failure to excel. That is irrespective of the fact that they have gone 381 days unbeaten prior to this match, such is the fickleness of the spectator.We were early arriving at the hospital by about half an hour, not a problem, chance to get a paper, a coffee and relax in the waiting room. My God, I'm one of the lucky ones. All I have to show for my troubles is a bit of a scar on my head and a distinct lack of hair, whoop-de-doo! These other poor souls had limbs missing, distorted features, tubes coming out of their throats, oxygen masks and all manner of machinery attached to them by elaborate pipework. There but for the Grace of God go I. My induction was conducted by the delightful Karen, a cheerful rotund little girl of around her middle twenties. We sat in a small annexed room where she gave me the full explanation of the up and coming few months. First off she revealed to me that the course of treatment went in cycles of eight weeks, and there would be six of them. Now to my rudimentary maths that added up to 48 weeks. THATS 2005!! GONE!! FEELING SHIT FOR MOST OF IT!! The next bit was better; they were going to try and make me well again by nearly killing me with poison and letting my built-in immune system fight back. Karen didn't quite explain it in those terms but that's how I construed it, so what's the difference? So basically what happens is that I have an injection of Vincristine which is a highly toxic drug that attacks the nervous system followed by a single 200mg dose of Lomustine tonight (which I've just taken incidentally - so if I start to dribble, forgive me). Lomustine must be a bit of a bastard because you have to take an anti-sickness drug before you actually take it, so I'm in fear of it a little, I expect to wake up in bed tomorrow in a pool of my own vomit (don't choke on your Oreo or Hershey bar! I'm only joking). Finally tonight I start a course of Procarbazine for ten days . And that's it! Ten days of tablets, no more until the next lot in eight weeks time. Easy-Peasy. The appointment is already booked for 03-03-05 at 14.30 (I've written it here so that you can all remind me in Panto fashion). And so I was injected and packed off with a bag of pills, not as many as I thought I'd have but enough to make me feel looked after.Steve and I bagged ourselves a bit of lunch after all this, my treat for him driving me down. I started to feel that the Vincristine was starting to take effect, I had a metallic taste in my mouth and a bit of a dizziness around the edges, but in hindsight now I think that was all in my mind (I was going to say psychosematic but I couldn't spell it). We took the scenic route home through all the villages I hadn't been to for a long time, past pubs that I had visited in my youth and stretches of road that I had blasted my cars down in those reckless years. Back at home everybody wanted to know how I'd got on. Like the returning hero I had to give stories of bravery under intense injection and tablet acceptance, and as a result I was hailed as the new Messiah to all ill people, a model example of modesty in the face of adversety. They didn't know that really it was just a piece of piss and nothing to make a drama out of. Having said that it was good to know that I have so many people around me that care, hugs and kisses, phone calls, text messages from all quarters all wishing me the best. I feel a bit of a cheat at the moment, though, as I feel fine. I expect that tomorrow will be different, the Lomustine/Vincristine combo will have kicked in and I imagine the game will be up.
Last Updated: Thursday, 6 January 2005 11:43 PM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (0-0) 	
           	
Can't Sleep. It's 6 a.m. I am tired but I know that I'll just toss and turn until I have to get up to go for my appointment, so I might as well fire up the trusty laptop and see what's happening out there in interwebland. And what do I find? Nothing but death and destruction, murders and missing teenagers, drive-by shootings and rapes, and the banning of a charity nude calendar by our local spinners and weavers for showing a bit of nipple. What is the world coming to? You guys reading this in the States may find that that's nothing new, without wanting to stereotype and begging your pardon, but here in the UK none of this kind of stuff used to happen just 5 or 10 years ago. If it did it was front page news, the kind of stuff that ran and ran until the perpetrator was hunted down, arrested, charged, triedÂ and left to rot in some psychiatric hospital.Still, I can lie here watching the Aussies play Pakistan, live, now that I couldn't have done a few years ago. I would have had to go to work. There was no time. Now time is what I cherish. Having said that, It'll be a change in a few months time to think that I'll be able to go back to work, perhaps get myself a little job in an office somewhere. My God, how dull a thought that is. Maybe not, maybe I should learn something new while I have the time. Can an old dog be taught new tricks? Who knows? Watch this space...Dear reader, whomsoever you may be, thanks for your time, I know I'm rambling but it's boring here with no one else up around the house to talk to. I'll catch up later today and let you know how the treatment went and how exciting my day was. I'll put in some name checks for the principal players and try to give you a more hands-on, roundedÂ feel to the process.
Last Updated: Thursday, 6 January 2005 7:55 PM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (1-0) 	
          
  Bonni made this comment,I strongly recommend learning something new. Makes the brain stronger and makes you focus. If You learn a new trade you could have some fun spending money on it. (HA!)
comment added :: 6th January 2005, 19:55 GMT	  
 	 	
Wednesday, 5 January 2005	 
The Night Before This feels like last supper, I've had my pint of Guinness in the pub not knowing whether I can have another one until the whole thing is over. Later I'm going to have a self-indulgent kebab with hot chilli sauce because after I start I'm told to eat real high fibre 'rabbit' food to keep the insides functioning. Still, at least I should lose a couple of pounds without doing any strenuous exercise. Finally, watching Southampton play Fulham should be enough to send me off to sleep. Tomorrow never comes!! 
Last Updated: Wednesday, 5 January 2005 8:08 PM GMT :: Comments/Trackback (1-0) 	
          
  A visitor made this comment,This will be difficult for you but please surround yourself with people you share love with. They will strengthen you. They will want to help you along. By the way, I love Guinness. Sincerely, Bonni Oliver
Bonni Oliver [a642claire@earthlink.net]
comment added :: 5th January 2005, 20:08 GMT	  
 	 	
««	March 2005	»»	 
S	M	T	W	T	F	S	 
 	 	 1	2	3	4	5	
6	7	8	9	10	11	12	
13	14	15	16	17	18	19	
20	21	22	23	24	25	26	
27	28	29	30	31	
 Blog Board 
why not leave a message?	 
Name  	
Login Console   
email		 
password		  
 		  
create free account Mailing List   
   	 
Keep my email private	  
        MedicalBrain TumoursCancerBACUPNHS Direct         EpilepsyBritish Epilepsy Association 
Click here to 
get your blog 	
iGossip home 	
