
=====================================================================
Meaningless Random Pontifications - The Musings of a PhD Monkey
=====================================================================
 BlogThis!  Meaningless Random Pontifications  
The Life And Times of a Put-upon Prospective PhD in a Pre-Fab Post-Grad Battery Farm
Sunday, March 20, 2005
Oh one day, when you're lookin' back...  
The way I see it, you should live your life so that you don't regret things when you are old and grey. This is why I am studying for a PhD - I don't want to look back and think what would have been if I hadn't done one. I could get a shitty job in some faceless firm and make money like it's going out of fashion, but where's the fun in that if you are bored and tired all the time? I'd rather be poor and challenged mentally than well-off and some sort of corporate shyster motherfucker kow-towing to some old fart on the board for a promotion. Bugger that. Give me scary over secure any day. It's 6am, I've stayed up all night talking, drinking and thinking, and the sun is rising over the railway track outside the Battery Farm. It is going to be another glorious day. I am going to see my family on Wednesday, and all my old friends. I couldn't give a fuck what happens in my life; I don't have a plan, I don't have any real set goals (you know, the sort of pointless married-by-30 kids-by-35 etc etc that people tie themselves up in knots about) and I am absolutely sure that whatever I do, I will get there in the end. All I ask for is a few nice sunrises and the odd beer in the sunshine along the way. I reckon there are seriously lucid moments of clarity that hit people several times over in their lives - some are after long dark nights of the soul, some are in the sunrises of spring Sundays. A central tenet of my philosophy is never to ignore your epiphanies - you never know which one is going to be your last. Don't doubt your inspirations, but don't abandon all you have in favour of them. Do what you think you need to do to succeed, but don't burn your bridges on the way. Be happy with yourself, and everything will follow. Get out of your bed instead of lying in until 12 noon at the weekends and regretting it through the week, every week without fail. And write a diary, for pity's sake. Even if it is sort of an exhibitionist/voyeuristic blog type thing; at once the most public and most private sort of journal one can keep. It really helps. This is the third diary I have kept, and the first one to come with its own Atom RSS feed. I kinda like that.Remember please that I am only 22 years old, and will undoubtedly change my tune sometime over the next 22 years, but for now I like how I think. So I'm going to write it down. If it bores or offends or causes stupification, then I apologise. But not in a particulary sincere fashion.And trust me on the sunscreen Spouted by the phdmonkey at 6:00 AM 0 Lab Rats    
Saturday, March 19, 2005
Comments and Criticism, Please  
In the absence of spaces for review at the WLR, I welcome and encourage comments on my new layout. I got tired of the white, and felt I needed to s-t-r-e-t-c-h out a bit. I've got a lovely big monitor and my blog takes up about an inch-and-a-half right in the middle of it. Whaddaya think, peeps?PS: Blog now optimised for resolution of 1024 x 768 or greater (I use 1280 x 1024 and refuse to cater for the 800 x 600 crowd. Shunt!)Criticise-me-do, blog-o-spherians Spouted by the phdmonkey at 3:04 PM 0 Lab Rats    
List this, biatch  
List McLineup, people. Am still fuming about neo-conservatism so have decided to make two lists - things I hate hate hate and things I love love love.The Children Hate You:Right-wing/Neo-con/Tory-type Political PeopleThe British National PartyThe Scottish Nationalist PartyOutspoken Conservative Catholic ClergymenMilitant Animal Rights Activists (what's the point?)Door-to-door SalesmenJeremy GuscottCoronation Street/Eastenders/EmmerdalePeople Who Drive Those Horrendous 4x4 Cars That Have Never Seen a Field in Their LivesThe Bouncers of Certain Clubs/Pubs/Libraries Back Where I Come FromTrains. Especially Those That Go Past My Window At 4AMThe Architect of the Battery Farm in Which I LiveJeremy Paxman, Jeremy Bates, Jeremy Clarkson, In Fact Everyone Called Jeremy EverPeople Who Read, Write or Produce the Daily MailFervent Royalists, Especially Those Who Are Still Upset By That Diana WomanArt History Students Called Things Like "Pippa" and "Tash" and "Zane"Every Radio One DJ Ever Apart From Mark & Lard and John PeelJimmy HillR'n'B Type People, Especially That R-Kelly BlokeMel GibsonMargaret ThatcherThat Royal Butler Wanker, Whatsisname. Burrell.The Cunt-nerd-ianGood grief, that was a big list. Now, time for:The Monkey Loves You:My Family, Excluding Gobshite Cousins (x2)My DogMy New Home TownMy Old Home TownThe Shipping ForecastGood MusicMy Old MatesMy New MatesGood Films (Including But Not Limited To The Shawshank Redemption, Magnolia, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Alien)Sunny DaysRainy DaysFootball (English League)Rugby (Scottish International, Even Though We Are Crap)BeerEvery Girl I Have Ever Kissed/Thought I Was In Love With (These Are Synonymous)Music Festivals (Combination of Previous Two Items, Basically)My Job/Career/Life In GeneralPhew! I never thought I'd manage to balance all that vitriol out. That was very therapeutic, I can tell you. Try it yourself, in an Art Attack stylee.Mums and Dads of the World, Be Patient With Your Children Spouted by the phdmonkey at 12:20 AM 3 Lab Rats    
Friday, March 18, 2005
Who the fuck do these people  
think they are? The religious neo-conservative movement sickens and angers me at the best of times, and then they go and do something like this, handing a subpoena to a seriously brain-damaged woman, forcing her to go to congress so that she will live on in a state of abject misery. The religious right turned up on her husband's lawn, clapping and shouting and praying (or should that be preying?) that she be allowed to suffer further, because "life is sacred". Who are these people to have anything to do with this? I am all for the right of the individual to hold their own beliefs, but the moment they try and force their ideology onto something or someone else, they should be shouted down with all the voracity that the objective can muster. Further to this American debacle, we Brits have managed to have one of our own this week - the party political approach to abortion. The Catholic church (I am not a fan of the Catholic church) have come out in favour of the Conservative party (I am not a fan of the Conservative party) because they propose a cut in the legal time-window for abortion. Who are these blinkered old men to deny a woman the right to choose what happens to her own body because of some outmoded ideology? The rights of an unborn child, who has no comprehension of what is going on, should not be put before the rights of a vulnerable grown (or perhaps not so grown) woman who may have suffered terribly at the hands of a rapist or abusive partner in order to lead to the conception of this child. Religion and politics should not mix, and subjects like abortion should not be election issues. The Tories have certainly swung to a new low with this one.On a lighter note, it was the most glorious day I have ever seen today here in my adopted home town - the birds were singing, the bells were ringing, and the groundsmen were mowing the grass at the cricket ground. On the way back from Uni (an absolutely stunning walk downhill) I counted three squirrels, two baby bunnies and a deer.There's hope for the world yet. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 7:21 PM 3 Lab Rats    
Thursday, March 17, 2005
Blaahhh!  
So I was watching the news, and there was a report claiming that sheep are apparently a lot cleverer than we have initially thought, due to their prowess at recognising emotions and faces. Seems to me, if the sheep are that clever, they'd shut the fuck up and then humans would leave them alone and not do loads of tests on them. We'd just eat them and be done with it. Mmmm. I presented today! It wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be, and I walked home with the bunnies hopping and the birds singing and the lovely warm feeling that a couple of pints of Guinness will give you. Spring has truly sprung. Plus the Doc has given me a nice holiday over Easter so that I can fly home and surprise my family, who I have not seen since Christmas. Mother will be pleased. Signature will be "thought for the day" stylee for a while, children.If I'm so clever, how come I'm not rich? Spouted by the phdmonkey at 7:48 PM 1 Lab Rats    
Monday, March 14, 2005
For Shizzle My Nizzle  
Sho 'nuff, was chillin' at tha webshizzle of the Chaoshizzle Quizzle, and was pontizzle in the direction of Gizoogle, which is illin. Touch yo bad shizzle. C-to-the-izzink on the lizzink to get a translation 4 tha brothaz. Peace.My Shizzle is Scientizzle, But My Brain is Frizzled Spouted by the phdmonkey at 11:20 PM 1 Lab Rats    
Sunday, March 13, 2005
Things are coming  
to a head, as it were. I may, may just have secured myself some badass lodgings for next year, meaning that I should be escaping the Battery Farm in July and moving to the burgeoning student district of University Town, with its free parking (try finding it anywhere else in the city, I dare ya) and complete absence of railway tracks outside windows (for me, anyway). Plus, and you must forgive me for being a trifle xenophobic at this point, everyone in the house is British. This means that I will not be woken at 5am by foreign flatmates with fucked body-clocks jabbering away in an incomprehensible language, which is doing for my mental health, good and proper (head flicks sideways with newly-developed nervous tic, accompanied by creaking neck-noise).So, as well as possibly escaping this concrete chicken coop (next to which, by the way, they are just finishing off a block of "luxury" flats, at a cost to the hapless punters of nearly 200 grand. The flats are no further away from the railway than I am. There's one born every minute) I am doing very well in both Matey's thesis re-draft (which is going to bed) and my thesis presentation (which met with muchos approval from The Doc when shown to him midweek). Plus I bought a lovely new Logitech optical mouse with lots of bells and whistles which means that I can atrophy even more muscles when surfing the web, since I no longer have to move it as much. To shamelessly steal the style of Scaryduck, I am this: a lazy gobshite.To those resident in the good old UK, I urge you to turn to Auntie Beeb on a Sunday evening and partake in the very brilliant Help! starring Paul Whitehouse of Fast Show and other things. There will be no mention of the rugby. That is all.I think it is time for a new signature, I am tired of Ford and motherfucking. I think, until I can come up with a better one, I shall use the title the album currently in my CD player, since it is a good salutory caution to be used in any situation, especially pertaining to hedonistic activities. We science PhD's really know how to party, y'know.When it's all over, we still have to clear up Spouted by the phdmonkey at 11:55 PM 0 Lab Rats    
Saturday, March 12, 2005
Blessed are the geeks  
For we shall inherit the earth. Still won't get us laid though. My compulsive blogging has been cured recently as I have been eagerly striving to attain the title of "Busiest Man in England". I've got to present what meagre data I have thus far gathered to my thesis committee next week, otherwise PhDmonkey could become JobCentremonkey. Along with this, I am still in the last stages of finding a decent abode for next year (have decided on one that is, in fact pretty ace - ironically it was the first one that I actually looked at but we'll keep that on the down-low, shall we?) and, due to my irrepressible good nature I have agreed to proof-read and redraft my good mate's 12,000 word honours thesis. This turned out to be an even larger undertaking than I had anticipated, as the thesis was shit. But lo! I stayed up till 4am this morning (a Friday night, mark you, when all good men should be in the pub) sustained only by toast, coffee and Muslim Dave's neopolitan ice cream (it's a bit like Ben and Jerry's but judges you for having pre-marital sex and eating bacon sarnies for breakfast), and finished the bastard thing. It's quite good now, if I may say so myself. It struck me that I have been doing "school" work for the best part of two decades now, and the horror set in - I'm not entirely sure I want to stop. I like learning stuff. When I was at primary (elementary) school I used to get dead upset in the summer holidays because nobody would mark what I was doing; I half expected my teacher to turn up at the football field and give me pointers as to how I could redraft my last two goals to make them look more spectacular. I need marks and grades and little certificates - they validate my existence and let everybody know that I am ever so smart. I've got one of those great big latin certificates from my first degree - mother wants to frame it and hang it on the wall at mi casa de padres but I don't know if I am quite at that stage yet. I'm abso-bloody-lutely knackered now, but there is so much sport on the telly today I must watch it all. I must. Where's the Pro-Plus when you need it?Tired of being a chubster? Click on this. Est tres bien. Pointed at by the WenchFord... ahh forget it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 12:03 PM 0 Lab Rats    
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
Well Hullo and Hooray  
It's official - I am about to move up the chain of command. The Doc came in today and announced that we are getting a new junior doctoral student, ergo I will have someone to boss around. This is a good thing, and a real ego boost for the Monkey. This new student, I will name it PhD Squirrel, and it will be my Squirrel, and Squirrel will be its name. Time, I think, to meet the lab of the PhD Monkey.The Doc: Head of the lab, reader (a senior UK academic position) in his chosen subject and one of the cleverest people I am ever likely to meet. At the same time, he has a wealth of very funny stories, likes the rugby and is a legend down the pub. My PhD supervisor.Research Wombat: The Doc's lieutenant, a slightly eccentric (but very friendly) girl who has recently finished her PhD and is working in the lab as a Post-Doc. Has spent the last seven or eight years in university, studying science, until she was sure that she hated it and wanted to rid herself of it. Wishes to leave ASAP.PhD Gorilla: Senior doctoral student, older and wiser than me. Comes from the Far East and provides a unique take on life here in Blighty, but gets confused by our colloquialisms and peculiarities, leading to all manner of mix-ups, which I may decide to detail in these pages. Gets drunk on half a pint of beer. He's a lovely bloke.PhD Monkey: My "good" self. Junior doctoral student, general lab dogsbody and scourge of the undergraduate. I suppose, dear reader, that it may help to to have a mental picture of me (I do not actually look like a monkey, I just have a similar IQ to one). Erm, I am about 6ft tall, well-built without being fat or jockish, with dark hair, decent teeth and really deep brown eyes which I am told are quite attractive. When I write these posts, dear reader, I always imagine myself reading them out loud (Doogie Howser diary stylee) so for the same experience, you should know that I'm quite well spoken, with a soft-ish middle class Scottish accent (think Ewan McGregor rather than Groundskeeper Willie). Judge me at your will.Honours Minion: Some-time project student in the lab, the only person below me in the hierarchy since my arrival here at the Research Ranch.Ford, you're looking forward to bossing someone around far too much. Stop it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 6:23 PM 5 Lab Rats    
Sunday, March 06, 2005
Grrrrr!  
I hate the Cunt-nerd-ian! I can hear him outside. How I loathe him.Ford, you've got an unhealthy dislike of your irritating flatmate. Good for you! Spouted by the phdmonkey at 10:23 PM 0 Lab Rats    
The Feuding Follicles  
My hair and I do not get on. This is something that we have both understood for quite some time, and we have come to a pact of sorts; I will not try and subject my hair to fashionable styles involving multitudes of chemical "styling" products of varying viscosities and adhesions, and my hair will refrain, as much as possible, from doing Einstein impersonations at short notice. I went to the barber yesterday for what could euphemistically called a "trim" (where my hair is shorn off in spades by a grinning Italian who charges me £10 for fifteen minutes of abject humiliation) and several home truths were brought home to me all at once:1. No matter what I tell my hairdresser to do, he/she will always supply me with the same utilitarian hair-don't (like a hair-do but without the flair).2. The barber's chair is the perfect place to gauge how much weight you have lost/gained in the period since your last trip - this is because you are made to squadge down further and further in the chair so that the diminutive chopper can access your pate; if you are a bit flabby you end up looking like Jabba the Hutt in a cape.3. When they hold the mirror up to the back of your head, what the hell are you supposed to say? It's not like looking at the nape of your neck is an everyday occurrence. I usually manage a sort of "hmmm, yes, it's very nice", leaving the mirror-holder to decide whether I am commenting on the hair-cut or the shape of my noggin from behind.4. You show me a man that can walk home from the barber's without constantly plittering with hair and itching from all the bits that have fallen down his back, and I will show you a truly great human being.5. Getting a haircut sends you into bald-paranoia mode, checking the temples in the mirror and actually trying to look at the top of your head. This has been exacerbated since the advent of the camera phone. Don't tell me you haven't done it.PS Cheers to David Coulthard for his magnificent drive in the fledgling Red Bull F1 car!Ford, your head's looking like an egg dipped in black paint. Stop it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 4:47 PM 0 Lab Rats    
Thursday, March 03, 2005
Mmmm, Pork Products  
Just got back from the biggest barbeque I am ever likely to have, apparently it is some sort of meat-eating crazy-day in Greece, so naturally Yours Truly was not one to turn down the offer of free pork, wine, and a delicious garlicky yoghurty sauce thingy, cooked outside in the freezing March air. I cannot currently move for the amount of stuff I have consumed, and I am proud of it. Sod dieting for a laugh. Muslim Dave did not approve of our mighty pork and alcohol shovelling.Sometimes the Battery Farm ain't as bad as I make it out to be.Ford, you're taking advantage of the culture of others in order to gain some nosh, gratis and for nothing. Stop it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 9:44 PM 0 Lab Rats    
Wednesday, March 02, 2005
Happy Blogday to Me!  
Well, here we are. I've been blogging for a whole month now, and you know what? I love it. It keeps me sane. And I'm quite happy with my lovely blog, even though yesterday I noticed that, for the last month, my profile has been happily showing that I study "neuoscience" instead of neuroscience. Something I have done has finally been indexed by Google - type in Pre-fab Post-grad Battery Farm and see what comes out! Plus people do actually read my blog, even if they all know each other - I suppose some conversation about me over the water cooler at work is out of the question?Actually writing a blog has got me into reading the things religiously - my two favourites are the aforementioned Call Centre Confidential, and the bizarrely British Scaryduck. Plus I cannot help but check my stock price on Blogshares on a frequent basis after finding it on the Call Centre site. I seem to be taking the writing part very seriously these days - last night I actually sat down and planned what I was going to say today. I am king of nerds. Oh yes. There is nothing wrong with looking forward to the Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy film coming out, or knowing where my sig-quote comes from - don't worry Wench! (By the way, well done on the reviewer gig - could you mail me a copy of what you think? No punches pulled, I hope).Today, my cohorts and I managed to flood our lab good and proper - The Doc was most amused. I reckon I will introduce you to my lab in the next week or so, dear reader. Tonight, I go and see a flat inhabited by (gasp) three girls! Mediterranean-type flatmate 1 is praying that they are all attractive so that he can come and visit on a frequent basis. We will see.Here's to another month!Ford, you've been spouting nonsense for 4 weeks now. Stop it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 6:20 PM 6 Lab Rats    
Tuesday, March 01, 2005
It's Not The Battery Farm  
I have been to see a house tonight - the room is fairly small for the price but it is a nice house, and a real house, and nowhere near the fucking railway track. Plus the guys who are living there seem like a really good bunch of folk. Trouble is, they probably think I am a psycho because I went into "charm" overdrive which went drastically wrong and ended up with me talking shit for 40 solid minutes. We do not expect a call-back. Ho-hum.PS: Bonkers good results in the lab today. Hurrah!PPS: Someone has put manure on their garden and the air around the Battery Farm smells of shit. Or, more accurately, smells more shitty than normal.Ford, you're struggling to find lodgings. Stop it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 12:22 AM 4 Lab Rats    
Sunday, February 27, 2005
Don't Panic!  
The "Guide" is coming. Yes yes yes yes yes yes oui si aye yes yes.View the trailer here. I even quite liked the commercial that came before it as well. About "esuvees".Blog that, etc will be replaced for a while with a new signature, namely:Ford, you're turning into a penguin. Stop it. Spouted by the phdmonkey at 6:11 PM 0 Lab Rats    
Saturday, February 26, 2005
Shhh!  
I will not blog constantly. I will limit my posts to five per week, as opposed to three or four per day. I will not be a stats whore and constantly check my sitemeter. I will not mention Scotland winning and France losing in the rugby. I will not politicise the growing situation in the Middle East. I will not detail the minutiae of my hunt for a new residence. I will go cold turkey.This shit is more addictive than crack on toast.Try not to blog that for a while, motherfuckers! Spouted by the phdmonkey at 10:32 PM 2 Lab Rats    
About Me
Name:phdmonkey 
Location:Graduate Land, University Town, United Kingdom 
I am a PhD student studying Neuroscience - pushing back those boundaries, and living in a huge joke, otherwise known as university accommodation. 
View my complete profile 
Meet The Cast!
Meet The Lab!
Make Me Popular! 
Mail the Monkey!
Previous Posts
* Oh one day, when you're lookin' back... 
* Comments and Criticism, Please 
* List this, biatch 
* Who the fuck do these people 
* Blaahhh! 
* For Shizzle My Nizzle 
* Things are coming 
* Blessed are the geeks 
* Well Hullo and Hooray 
* Grrrrr! 
Archives
* February 2005   
* March 2005  
BlogRoll-o-Rama!
The Weblog Review
---------------------------------------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER - The views expressed on these pages might reflect the opinions of the author, or they might be made up. Either way, the author couldn't give a flying fuck what you think. Shunt! 
var site="sm6mrpblog" 