
=====================================================================
moonbuggy
=====================================================================
 BlogThis!  moonbuggy  
Links to things.
Wednesday, March 16, 2005
The unspoken language of the office  
`If a picture is better than a thousand words, then a person's body language has got to "speak" volumes. A lot of the focus on body language at work has been on how to avoid looking all twitchy and nervous. Not much is mentioned about how to use body language to get people out of your office. And I'm not just talking about that bare-toothed hiss that you've perfected. Here are a select few tips for your unspoken pleasure. Some are classics, others are more subtle. All are effective...' posted by moonbuggy at 6:35 PM 0 comments   
Are Nanobacteria Making Us Ill?  
`Olavi Kajander didn't mean to discover the mysterious particles that have been called the most primitive organisms on Earth and that could be responsible for a series of painful and sometimes fatal illnesses.He was simply trying to find out why certain cultures of mammalian cells in his lab would die no matter how carefully he prepared them.So the Finnish biochemist and his colleagues slipped some of their old cultures under an electron microscope one day in 1988 and took a closer look. That's when they saw the particles. Like bacteria but an astonishing 100 times smaller, they seemed to be thriving inside the dying cells.' posted by moonbuggy at 4:54 PM 0 comments   
Camel Toe Cup  
`"I wanted to impress this guy at the bar, so I opened a beer with my cup, we've been going out for 3 days, he drives a camaro, I'm in heaven!"' posted by moonbuggy at 4:38 PM 0 comments   
Friday, March 04, 2005
moonbuggy is moving..  
I'm moving house over the weekend and I don't have internet access for the new place setup yet. Updates might be a bit sparse for the next week or so.If you're bored, check out the sites on the links page. I steal pretty much all the good stuff from those sites anyways.If you're _really_ bored, do some Google searches from the search page and click the ads that pop up. Do this repeatedly until you have RSI. Make me rich. :) posted by moonbuggy at 9:45 PM 2 comments   
[puzzle] Zest  
Another one of these things. I'm too lazy to do it, but it looks like it could be fun. If you're not lazy. :) posted by moonbuggy at 9:40 PM 0 comments   
Crack Whore Confessions  
Not safe for work.Unless your boss is into smoking crack and having sex. posted by moonbuggy at 9:39 PM 0 comments   
The Cross in Space  
`The cross will be over You personally! The Cross will be over every Nation on earth! Over Afghanistan! Saudi Arabia! Jerusalem! America! The cross in Space Satellite will be in a Polar orbit from pole to pole. As the earth turns it will pass over every inch of the earth like peeling an apple. The cross will circle the earth every one and a half hours. After launch we can tell you on our site when it will be over you and your nation. We have carried the cross in Every nation. Now we will, God willing have it flying above Every nation! We wave the cross in the face of Satan and proclaim that Jesus is Lord over All the Earth. All glory to God.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:39 PM 0 comments   
Get this off my penis!  
`Raju Shetty’s (28) attempt to adopt an inventive method to enhance sexual pleasure landed him on the surgeon’s table yesterday.Inspired by the fad of body piercing, the Pantnagar (Ghatkopar) resident substituted a ring with a metal nut and pushed it around his penis. Problem was, the metal stayed stubbornly stuck to his organ for over two hours.After failing to remove the foreign body, an embarrassed Shetty decided to seek medical help and checked into the casualty ward of Rajawadi Hospital in the evening.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:37 PM 0 comments   
Rutgers University Grills Sandwich Vendors  
`A student group at Rutgers University has demanded sandwich vendors on campus change the names of sandwiches that have been deemed offensive.Some of the sandwiches, which have been voted the best "fat" sandwiches by Maxim magazine, are called; "Fat Dyke," "Fat Phillipino" [sic] and "Fat Bitch." The big bites are sold by so-called "grease trucks" on the New Jersey school's main road.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:36 PM 0 comments   
World Jump Day  
`Join us in the attempt to drive planet Earth into a new orbit, by letting millions of people jump!Scientific research has proven that this change of planetary positioning would very likely stop global warming, extend daytime hours and create a more homogeneous climate.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:35 PM 0 comments   
Free Candy!  
`My kid who is 16 had a fairly decent 85 nissan maxima as his own car but the tranny blew in it.Well we gave him the other phat ryde that we had in the family for him to use as his daily driver. He has been using it for the last 2 months or so.Purchase price for the 1980 Ford Econoline 250 van: $0.00. My buddy got it for 100 bux from a university surplus sale and gave it to us after he got a better one and after we put a fancy hitch on it.Creepiness factor on a scale of 1 to 10: A solid 23 or so. Its seriously creepy. We might be able to push the creepiness factor up to around 30 or so if we put curtains in the windows and a bumper sticker on the back that says: "Don't laugh, your daughter might be in here!".' posted by moonbuggy at 9:34 PM 0 comments   
I Park Like an Idiot  
posted by moonbuggy at 9:34 PM 0 comments   
Learning Styles Questionnaire  
posted by moonbuggy at 9:32 PM 0 comments   
The Oops List  
Lots of pictures. posted by moonbuggy at 9:26 PM 0 comments   
Brits search smarter than Yanks  
`Nine out of ten (93%) Web users in the UK know the difference between sponsored and organic search engine results compared to just 38% of Americans, according to new research.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:25 PM 0 comments   
Mystery of canine ‘suicides’ at eerie bridge  
`Animal experts admitted yesterday they had no explanation for a spate of what appear to be canine suicides – all from the same spot.At least five dogs have jumped to their deaths from a bridge over a burn at Overtoun House in the past six months.In the most recent case, a woman out walking her dog watched in disbelief as her pet suddenly vaulted over the parapet and plunged 40ft to its death.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:24 PM 0 comments   
Crazy D's Pink Floyd Bootleg Site  
posted by moonbuggy at 9:23 PM 0 comments   
Hu's the new leader of China?  
posted by moonbuggy at 9:22 PM 0 comments   
School Officials Ban Photo Of Female Student Wearing Tuxedo  
`The picture of a lesbian student dressed in a tuxedo will not be permitted in her school's yearbook, the Clay County school officials decided.Principal Sam Ward of Fleming Island High School made the initial decision to pull Kelli Davis's picture from the yearbook, saying he did so because Davis, who is openly gay, was dressed in boy's clothes. [..]Fifteen of the 24 people who spoke at the meeting were in favor of Davis and nine supported the principal's decision.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:21 PM 0 comments   
[game] Prachka  
posted by moonbuggy at 9:20 PM 0 comments   
Engineers devise invisibility shield  
`The idea of a cloak of invisibility that hides objects from view has long been confined to the more improbable reaches of science fiction. But electronic engineers have now come up with a way to make one. [..]But the invisibility shield proposed by Alù and Engheta in a preprint on arXiv1 is more ambitious than this. It is a self-contained structure that would reduce visibility from all viewing angles. In that sense it would be more like the shielding used by the Romulans in the Star Trek episode "Balance of Terror" in 1966, which hid their spaceships at the push of a button.' posted by moonbuggy at 9:19 PM 0 comments   
[video] Paragliding Incident  
posted by moonbuggy at 9:15 PM 0 comments   
Jailed for using a nonstandard browser  
`A Londonder made a tsnuami-relief donation using lynx -- a text-based browser used by the blind, Unix-users and others -- on Sun's Solaris operating system. The site-operator decided that this "unusual" event in the system log indicated a hack-attempt, and the police broke down the donor's door and arrested him.' posted by moonbuggy at 8:18 PM 0 comments   
Wednesday, March 02, 2005
Home-Built Nitrogen (N2) Laser  
`The nitrogen (N2) laser produces intense extremely short (a few ns) intense (100 kW typical) pulses of light in the near UV portion of the E/M spectrum (337.1 nm). Despite this impressive capability, the N2 laser is among the easiest to construct [..]Compared to all the other home-built lasers, the nitrogen laser also likely has the lowest risk of failure IFF you stay pretty close to the SciAm design, more below. No glass working, no mirrors, mirror mounts, or mirror alignment, minimal vacuum. Despite this, what you end up with isn't substantially inferior to a commercial unit costing many kilobucks.' posted by moonbuggy at 4:29 PM 0 comments   
Tuesday, March 01, 2005
Suspect’s cell phone rings in on missing assault rifle case  
`The bell certainly didn't save two suspects in the case of a missing assault rifle.A ringing cell phone was the downfall of the men, who insisted they had no knowledge of an AK-47 used in an October shooting. They continued to stand by their story under questioning.Then their cell phones chimed in. As Detective Kevin Doran tried to silence the rings, he noticed one had interesting wallpaper - a picture of one of the suspects holding an AK-47."A picture truly is worth a thousand words," said Capt. Joe Fair, the vice squad's commander.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:42 PM 0 comments   
[eBay] ZIL TWIN V8 MISSILE LAUNCHER 8x8 TRUCK EX - MILITARY  
`What you are looking at is Zil 135 Frog (Free Range Over Ground) - 7 short range Russian Missile launcher. This is definately not for the faint hearted, powered by TWO mighty big block V8 Ural Petrol Engines, it is best described as a monster truck. These are extremely rare, and most sort after by the US military for destroying. The Taliban had two of these and alot of Northern aliance and US special forces were used in tracking them down and destroying as they were a credible threat. These were commonly used by the Iraqi forces in the first Iraq war.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:41 PM 0 comments   
Banging on at Oxford  
`In its 183-year history, the august Oxford Union debating society has heard the wisdom of Winston Churchill, Ronald Reagan and Mother Teresa.Now its members are to hear from Ron Jeremy, star of 1,700 adult films, including Bang Along With Ron."Ron is the biggest and apparently the best in the business, so I'm sure he'll have some fascinating stories to tell," said Oxford Union librarian Vladimir Bermant, who organised the event.Jeremy, who claims to have slept with more than 4,000 women, will address the union on Wednesday, joining many British prime ministers, three US presidents and prominent figures from the Dalai Lama to Malcolm X in its archival guest list.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:41 PM 0 comments   
Sex ID  
`Some researchers say that men can have 'women's brains' and that women can think more like men.Find out more about 'brain sex' differences by taking the Sex ID test, a groundbreaking experiment designed by a team of top psychologists.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:40 PM 0 comments   
Bacon Whores  
`Finally, you can have tasty, sizzling bacon, without all the shopping, planning, and preparation. Just schedule your appointment at baconwhores.com, and our trained experts will come and prepare bacon for you, exactly the way you like it.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:38 PM 0 comments   
DartMail  
`DartMail lets people physically shoot electronic information at others. The head of the Dart contains an RFID tag. By waving the tag over the reader, the 'shooter' can attach a handle to any electronic file (located in a shared file system) to the dart. After being shot, the victim can pass the dart over his or her reader (although invariable this is a guy's thing), and see the file on the screen.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:38 PM 0 comments   
Lateral Science  
`some of these topics are extremely dangerous' posted by moonbuggy at 11:37 PM 0 comments   
[game] Free The Balloon  
posted by moonbuggy at 11:35 PM 0 comments   
LEGO CubeSolver  
`This robot solves the 3x3x3 Rubik's Cube®.I started to think about this problem in about August of 2000. In Jan 2001 fellow Mindstorms forums user 'agiecco' announced his intention to work on a robotic solution and, simultaneously, I saw that Rubik's Cubes were on sale at www.target.com. So I bought a couple of cubes and started getting down to business...I produced a 'late beta' version in mid-April 2001 that was a little clunky. The final version (presented here) is smooth and fairly reliable.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:35 PM 0 comments   
Stupid Computer Tricks!  
`These images are the result of 8 years in the retail computer industry - 8 years that are thankfully behind me. I used to work in the service department in a retail store of a very famous computer company (think cows...). During this time, I was able to observe (and preserve for posterity) the aftereffects of the - shall we say - "technology challenged" folks. My friends and relatives couldn't believe the stories I told - thus this collection of photos.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:02 PM 0 comments   
Bumbling Burglar Disrobes During Crime  
`A South Jordan burglary may make the list of Utah's dumbest robberies. [..]“He was attempting to make access via the internet, some pornography sites and also attempting to dial some 1-900 sexual service numbers. All evidence indicates he disrobed while he was there and that he donned some women’s clothing while he was on the property,” said Sgt. Dan Starks of the South Jordan Police Department.Police arrested the 18-year old suspect at his home where they found the stolen items from the robbed home.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:00 PM 0 comments   
Monday, February 28, 2005
Iran, Russia sign nuclear deal  
`Russia and Iran signed a nuclear fuel supply deal long opposed by Washington today, paving the way for Tehran to start up its first atomic power plant next year, state media reported.The agreement, signed by the two countries' nuclear energy chiefs at the Bushehr atomic reactor in southern Iran, came as Tehran faced heightened pressure from the United States, which accuses it of secretly developing nuclear weapons.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:33 PM 0 comments   
[image] The Gayest Tattoo in History  
posted by moonbuggy at 11:33 PM 0 comments   
Even the Vikings were troubled by the thought that size matters  
`Research into medieval Icelandic gender and sexuality has found that even the heroes of Viking Age sagas were troubled by the thought that size really does matter.Dr Carl Phelpstead of Cardiff University’s School of English, Communication and Philosophy presented a paper: ‘Size Matters: Penile Problems in Sagas of Icelanders’ to the International Medieval Congress, held in Leeds last week.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:31 PM 0 comments   
Woman orders man to have sex with girl at spearpoint  
`A woman forced her husband to have sex with a 13-year-old girl, threatening both with a spear, because of bad spirits, a Darwin court heard today.Savonne Scrubby, 33, has pleaded guilty to a charge of rape in the Northern Territory Supreme Court, saying she was the principal offender.With her plea, the prosecution dropped a charge of rape against the man.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:29 PM 0 comments   
Meet the criminal mastermind who plans to go whale-hunting in Utah  
`A student is planning to carry out a crime spree by travelling across the United States and breaking weird local laws along the way.Richard Smith, 23, will risk being arrested for falling asleep in a cheese factory in South Dakota and going whale-hunting in landlocked Utah. He intends to break about 40 strange state and town laws as he crosses America, starting from the notorious former prison island of Alcatraz in San Francisco Bay.His 18,000-mile journey across the continent will end in Hartford, Connecticut, where it is illegal to cross the road while walking on your hands.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:29 PM 0 comments   
How to destroy the Earth  
`This is not a guide for wusses whose aim is merely to wipe out humanity. I can in no way guarantee the complete extinction of the human race via any of these methods, real or imaginary. Humanity is wily and resourceful, and many of the methods outlined below will take many years to even become available, let alone implement, by which time mankind may well have spread to other planets; indeed, other star systems. If total human genocide is your ultimate goal, you are reading the wrong document. There are far more efficient ways of doing this, many which are available and feasible RIGHT NOW. Nor is this a guide for those wanting to annihilate everything from single-celled life upwards, render Earth uninhabitable or simply conquer it. These are trivial goals in comparison.This is a guide for those who do not want the Earth to be there anymore.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:28 PM 0 comments   
Scott Ritter Says U.S. Plans June Attack On Iran  
`Scott Ritter, appearing with journalist Dahr Jamail yesterday in Washington State, dropped two shocking bombshells in a talk delivered to a packed house in Olympia’s Capitol Theater. The ex-Marine turned UNSCOM weapons inspector said that George W. Bush has "signed off" on plans to bomb Iran in June 2005, and claimed the U.S. manipulated the results of the recent Jan. 30 elections in Iraq.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:26 PM 0 comments   
[movie] Unseed Countdown  
Amusing clip from some game show.(4.3meg shockwave) posted by moonbuggy at 11:24 PM 0 comments   
World Population Will Hit 9.1 Billion by 2050  
`The world's population will increase by 40 percent to 9.1 billion in 2050, but virtually all the growth will be in the developing world, especially in the 50 poorest countries, the U.N. Population Division said.In a report Thursday, the division said the population in less developed countries is expected to swell from 5.3 billion today to 7.8 billion in 2050. By contrast, the population of richer developed countries will remain mostly unchanged, at 1.2 billion.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:23 PM 0 comments   
Official! World's funniest joke  
`Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy takes out his phone and calls the emergency services.He gasps: "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says: "Calm down, I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead." There is a silence, then a gunshot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says: "OK, now what?"' posted by moonbuggy at 11:21 PM 0 comments   
[eBay] Heirloom Cheese from Italy--67 Years Old!!!!!!  
`The story begins in 1938. My grandmother's uncle, Peter Traini was living in Italy. In the Ascola Piscena region (Boy I hope I spelled that right or my grandmother will kill me). Several years prior, his brother, Ferdinand Traini, left for America. One day Peter recieved a letter from Ferdinand telling him how wonderful and full of prosperity America was. So Peter decided to make the trip. He boarded a ship in Italy and came to the new and wonderful country Ferdinand had wrote to him about. With him Peter brought only the clothes on his back and this cheese, as a gift for Ferdinand. The cheese even passed through Ellis Island with Peter.' posted by moonbuggy at 11:20 PM 0 comments   
3M Security Glass Ad  
`3M puts its money where its mouth is.That’s great advertising (yes, that’s real money in there).' posted by moonbuggy at 11:07 PM 0 comments   
Saturday, February 26, 2005
[game] Grid Game  
posted by moonbuggy at 5:12 PM 0 comments   
Thompson 'shot himself on phone'  
`The widow of US writer Hunter S Thompson has said her husband killed himself while they were speaking to one another on the telephone. [..]She said: "I was on the phone with him, he set the receiver down and did it."Mrs Thompson said her husband had asked her to come home from a health club so they could work on his weekly column, but instead of saying goodbye, he shot himself.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:10 PM 0 comments   
Gay men read maps like women  
`Gay men employ the same strategies for navigating as women - using landmarks to find their way around - a new study suggests.But they also use the strategies typically used by straight men, such as using compass directions and distances. In contrast, gay women read maps just like straight women, reveals the study of 80 heterosexual and homosexual men and women."Gay men adopt male and female strategies. Therefore their brains are a sexual mosaic," explains Qazi Rahman, a psychobiologist who led the study at the University of East London, UK. "It's not simply that lesbians have men's brains and gay men have women's brains."' posted by moonbuggy at 5:09 PM 0 comments   
Famous Trials  
posted by moonbuggy at 5:08 PM 0 comments   
Children wed to dogs to ward off evil  
`Two small boys and two girls were married off to four puppies by tribal villagers in the small northern Indian state of Jharkhand to ward off evil, a report said on Wednesday. [..]One of the tribals, 54-year-old Sonamuni, who blessed the marriage of her three-year-old grand-daughter Priya, said the wedding was no less important than other such ceremonies and all customs normally associated with marriage were followed.The mother of "groom" Durga, aged one, said that if the first tooth of a baby came out in the upper jaw it was considered "inauspicious" for the child as well as the family and dog marriages had to be performed.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:07 PM 0 comments   
Lock-Picking Tools Catalogue  
The site is in Russian, but the pictures are in English. :) posted by moonbuggy at 5:05 PM 0 comments   
Study Finds Rocket Fuel Chemical In Breast Milk  
`A toxic chemical used to make rocket fuel was found in every sample taken in a new study of the milk of nursing mothers. But Texas Tech researchers said it's too early to know whether the perchlorate levels are dangerous. [..]The review found that every sample of breast milk contained perchlorate, and only one sample of dairy milk contained no detectable levels. The concentration of the chemical in the breast milk samples was on average five times those detected in dairy milk pulled from grocery stores.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:04 PM 0 comments   
Dead patient's family to sue Jacko  
`The family of a woman who died after being moved out of a trauma room to accommodate the ailing Michael Jackson plans to sue both the hospital and the star.Manuela Gomez Ruiz, 74, was transferred out of the main trauma room at the Marian Medical Centre in Santa Maria, California, when Jackson was rushed in suffering from "flu-like symptoms" last week.Her family claims she was taken off a machine ventilator and her breathing was instead assisted manually by a handpump.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:02 PM 0 comments   
Marijuana may block Alzheimer's  
`The active ingredient in marijuana may stall decline from Alzheimer's disease, research suggests.Scientists showed a synthetic version of the compound may reduce inflammation associated with Alzheimer's and thus help to prevent mental decline.They hope the cannabinoid may be used to developed new drug therapies.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:01 PM 0 comments   
97-Year-Old Woman Arrested In Drug Raid  
`A 97-year-old woman was arrested Tuesday after police in Portland raided a suspected drug house located across the street from an elementary school [..]Agents arrested the woman and 18 others in the raid.Oregon police spokesman Brian Schmuatz said people were throwing crack out windows of the home during the raid.Some neighbors said the woman did not know what was going on inside the house but detectives don't believe it.' posted by moonbuggy at 4:38 PM 0 comments   
[video] Real Life vs. Internet  
A Red vs. Blue movie.(1.9meg .wmv) posted by moonbuggy at 4:15 PM 0 comments   
Flying faulty jumbo across Atlantic saves BA £100,000  
`A British Airways jumbo jet carrying 351 passengers was forced to make an emergency landing after an 11-hour transatlantic flight with a failed engine.The fault occurred on take-off from Los Angeles but the pilot declined all opportunities to land in the US and instead continued on three engines for 5,000 miles to Britain.The incident happened three days after a European regulation came into force requiring airlines to compensate passengers for long delays or cancellations. Under the new rules, if the pilot had returned to Los Angeles, BA would have been facing a compensation bill of more than £100,000.' posted by moonbuggy at 1:59 AM 0 comments   
SeXBox Vibration Controller  
`Here at /8====>, we've already combined two things essential to live, strip clubs and food. Now it's time to put sex and video games together in a pair we like to call The SeXBox. The second you start playing with this while on XBox Live, it turns into teledildonics!This mod didn't take any engineering. There's nothing new or amazing that we're doing with this, hell, we really didn't even think of the method first. However, we DID involve sex, so we win!' posted by moonbuggy at 1:13 AM 0 comments   
FCC 'crosses the line' with broadcast flag - court  
`The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) overstepped its authority by requiring devices capable of receiving digital TV broadcasts to recognize data called a 'broadcast flag' that can prevent copying, a federal judge has said.US Circuit Judge Harry Edwards told the FCC that it had "crossed the line" when it required DRM technology to be included in all DTV devices on sale in the USA from 1 July. This would include TVs, set top boxes, PC tuner cards, VCRs, DVD players, and similar devices.' posted by moonbuggy at 1:11 AM 0 comments   
A Scanner Darkly  
`Watch the trailer for 'A Scanner Darkly,' starring Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder.'I like the book. Not quite so sure about Keanu tho. Winona I can live with. :) posted by moonbuggy at 12:58 AM 0 comments   
Finding The A-team: A Stuffo Experiment  
`I love it when a plan for a plan coming together comes together.It's a B-grade show that's been off the air for almost 20 years and lasted only five seasons, but people everywhere still hum its theme song before rolling into action. What does "The A-team" mean to people today? Stuffo set out to build our own A-team from scratch, and in the process find out if Faceman, B.A., Hannibal, and Murdock still live on in the hearts and minds of dreamers everywhere.Phase 1: Recruiting. If you were looking for a band of misfit ex-military types with welding and stunt-driving experience, where would you look? The "real" A-team lived in LA. So we placed an ad on Craigslist's LA site. There was no category for "crack commandoes" so we settled for "gigs>>crew."' posted by moonbuggy at 12:56 AM 0 comments   
Solar Tower of Power Finds Home  
`The quest for a new form of green energy has taken a significant step with the purchase of a 25,000-acre sheep farm in the Australian outback. The huge alternative energy project isn't driven by manure, but by a 1-kilometer-high thermal power station called the Solar Tower.Announced several years ago, the 3,280-foot Solar Tower is one of the most ambitious alternative energy projects on the planet: a renewable energy plant that pumps out the same power as a small reactor but is totally safe. If built, it will be nearly double the height of the world's tallest structure, the CN Tower in Canada.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:52 AM 0 comments   
Lufthansa May Sue Over Bush Visit Flight Disruption  
`Deutsche Lufthansa AG, Europe's No. 2 airline, may seek redress for cancellations and delays from German authorities who temporarily brought the Frankfurt area to a standstill yesterday for a visit by U.S. President George W. Bush, damaging business for local companies.Lufthansa had to cancel 92 flights, affecting 5,730 passengers, as a consequence of air traffic restrictions, said spokesman Thomas Jachnow in a telephone interview. Delays to another 330 flights totaled around 300 hours. Jachnow said losses went "well into the millions," though he declined to elaborate.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:51 AM 0 comments   
Burglars report getaway-car keys stolen  
`When two Danish burglars realized someone had stolen the keys to their getaway car, they reacted like honest citizens and called the police.Police said they were only too happy to help, and arrested them after they confessed to breaking and entering.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:43 AM 0 comments   
DR Congo plague outbreak spreads  
`An outbreak of what tests suggest is pneumonic plague has spread to a second town in the Democratic Republic of Congo, according to a medical charity. [..]Thousands have fled the remote diamond mining town of Zobia since the disease first emerged at the end of last year.At least 60 people have died so far. The plague affects victims lungs and is fatal if left untreated.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:42 AM 0 comments   
Courtroom drama custody ruling  
`A seven year old boy was at the centre of a courtroom drama today when he challenged a court ruling over who should have custody of him.The boy has a history of being beaten by his parents and the judge awarded custody to his aunt. The boy however confirmed that his aunt beat him more than his parents, and refused to live there. When the judge suggested that he live with his grandparents the boy cried out that they beat him more than anyone.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:41 AM 0 comments   
Thompson 'made this choice'  
`Hunter S. Thompson died Sunday as he planned: surrounded by his family, at a high point in his life, and with a single, courageous and fatal gunshot wound to the head, his son says.His son and daughter-in-law could not be sadder. And they could not be prouder. "Hunter did not do this in a moment of fear, desperation or despair. He certainly had those moments in his life," Juan Thompson said Wednesday night as he sat on a couch next to his wife in the guest cabin adjacent to his father's house.But, he added, "He decided he'd done good work and was respected. His reputation as a serious writer has solidified."' posted by moonbuggy at 12:39 AM 0 comments   
Pakistan Army told to fire at intruding Americans  
`Pakistan has issued new rules of engagement permitting its Army to fire at US forces that cross the border from Afghanistan without coordinating first, according to a report contributed to the magazine ‘American Conservative’ by a former CIA officer.Philip Giraldi, now an international security consultant and writer of intelligence matters, writes in the February 28 issue of the magazine’s ‘Deep Background’ column that “President Musharraf has been receiving angry reports from his military that US forces have been engaging in hot pursuit across the border in violation of bilateral agreements.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:38 AM 0 comments   
He's maced after asking cops to help dying dog  
`A Brooklyn man was pepper-sprayed when he brought his dying dog to his local police precinct, it was revealed yesterday.Jaime Johnson, 30, a maintenance worker from Bedford-Stuyvesant, claims he was unfairly treated by cops. [..]Johnson says he pleaded with cops to get an ambulance for the dog."Within three minutes of [getting] there, I was blinded for the rest of the day," said Johnson, who denied he was drunk.' posted by moonbuggy at 12:36 AM 0 comments   
[video] Doing It Doggy Style  
Relatively safe for work, because it's an actual dog. :)(1meg .wmv) posted by moonbuggy at 12:35 AM 0 comments   
Thursday, February 24, 2005
Google H4x0r  
posted by moonbuggy at 5:50 PM 0 comments   
Jackie: I was going to call the Queen to complain  
`Jackie Stallone says she was going to phone the Queen to complain about the British press after she appeared in Celebrity Big Brother.She said she found the articles written about her after she was evicted from the house hard to deal with reports OK! magazine.She said: "I almost got hysterical. I didn't get out of bed for two days. I had to take valium. I was going to call Queen Elizabeth. I was so outraged by the whole thing. I was going to tell her that she shouldn't allow this in her country."' posted by moonbuggy at 5:42 PM 0 comments   
Kiwi Health and Safety manual for prostitutes  
`In situations where more than one worker is providing service to a client (e.g. threesomes) it is necessary to ensure that equipment such as vibrators and dildos is not used by one person and then another without being cleaned, disinfected and having a new condom put on first. Ideally each worker should have her/his own toys and equipment, which are not used by other workers. Each worker may choose to use a condom of a different colour in order to identify who has used the dildo last.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:41 PM 0 comments   
Lonely bride rescued  
`A woman married a man from the congregation after her intended groom walked out on her at the last minute.The woman, known as Suggi, asked for a replacement when her future husband got cold feet reports the Mirror.He claimed she was not the girl he had been introduced to before the arranged marriage in Mirzapur, India.Suggi's parents approved of the man called Balram, who stepped forward from the congregation, and the couple married.' posted by moonbuggy at 5:32 PM 0 comments   
Bush: Attack on Iran 'ridiculous'  
`U.S. President George W. Bush said Tuesday that it is "simply ridiculous" to assume that the United States has plans to attack Iran over its alleged nuclear weapons program after discussing the issue with European allies."This notion that the United States is getting ready to attack Iran is simply ridiculous. Having said that, all options are on the table," Bush said.'"The notion that Bush is a lying sack of shit is simply ridiculous. Having said that, all options are on the table," Moonbuggy said. posted by moonbuggy at 5:29 PM 0 comments   
The Great War In Color  
A bunch of images. posted by moonbuggy at 5:28 PM 0 comments   
Robber Busted By Bragging On Live Radio  
`A Chicago man is facing bank robbery charges after authorities say he called into a Chicago radio station and bragged about the heist. The robbery at a TCF Bank in Chicago last April went unsolved until a bank worker heard the man's call to a popular confessions show. The caller bragged that he and five others tied up employees and got away with $81,000. A bank worker recognized details from the confession as matching the hold-up at her bank and called authorities.' posted by moonbuggy at 4:19 PM 0 comments   
Piss Off  
`When Johan Vande Lanotte, Belgium's Vice Prime Minister, goes to the toilets today, he finds the urinals in the offices of his ministry decorated with stickers. They show an American flag and the head of George W. Bush. "Go ahead. Piss on me," the caption says. Vande Lanotte is one of Bush's hosts in Brussels. Is peeing on your guest's head appropriate? In Belgium it is. After all, Brussels' best known statue is that of "Manneken Pis," a peeing boy.' posted by moonbuggy at 4:08 PM 0 comments   
[video] Total Immersion  
Demonstration of some cool realtime graphics thingy. posted by moonbuggy at 4:07 PM 0 comments   
Breast size determines personality  
`An Italian sex researcher claims he can tell a woman's personality from the size and shape of her breasts.According to German newspaper Bild sexologist Piero Lorenzoni said: "A woman's breasts denote a woman's character, just like her star sign."He has categorised breast types according to fruits and says men can draw up their own horoscope-type chart that indicates what a woman's chest size says about her.' posted by moonbuggy at 3:58 PM 0 comments   
Previous Posts
* The unspoken language of the office 
* Are Nanobacteria Making Us Ill? 
* Camel Toe Cup 
* moonbuggy is moving.. 
* [puzzle] Zest 
* Crack Whore Confessions 
* The Cross in Space 
* Get this off my penis! 
* Rutgers University Grills Sandwich Vendors 
* World Jump Day 
Archives
* August 15, 2004   
* August 22, 2004   
* August 29, 2004   
* September 05, 2004   
* September 12, 2004   
* September 19, 2004   
* September 26, 2004   
* October 03, 2004   
* October 10, 2004   
* October 17, 2004   
* October 24, 2004   
* November 14, 2004   
* November 21, 2004   
* December 19, 2004   
* December 26, 2004   
* January 02, 2005   
* January 09, 2005   
* January 16, 2005   
* January 23, 2005   
* January 30, 2005   
* February 06, 2005   
* February 13, 2005   
* February 20, 2005   
* February 27, 2005   
* March 13, 2005  
More
* links 
* search 
Site Feed
* 
* 
var sc_project=370417; var sc_partition=1; 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
