
=====================================================================
What's Going On In The World Today?
=====================================================================
 BlogThis!  What's Going On In The World Today?  
Previous Posts
* Changes ahead for McCann? 
* Changes ahead for McCann? 
* Baseball Advertising - Personal Interest? 
* Berghoff and Canadian Beer 
* Miller Taps Two Promo Shops 
* Commentary Debate For 
* Commentary Debate Against 
* GM Account in review 
* GM $2.8 BILLION MEDIA ACCOUNT GOES INTO REVIEW 
* SAATCHI FILES LAWSUIT AGAINST MIKE BURNS 
Archives
* January 2005   
* February 2005   
* March 2005  
Tuesday, March 15, 2005
Changes ahead for McCann?  
LOS ANGELES Universal McCann's Robin Kent has been replaced as worldwide CEO of the Interpublic Group media network on an interim basis by COO Murray Dudgeon as UM seeks a permanent replacement, the company said. The change comes as Universal McCann gears up to defend more than $4 billion in combined billings in reviews being staged by GM and L'Oreal. " 
posted by Tracy @ 8:42 AM  0 comments   
Changes ahead for McCann?  
LOS ANGELES Universal McCann's Robin Kent has been replaced as worldwide CEO of the Interpublic Group media network on an interim basis by COO Murray Dudgeon as UM seeks a permanent replacement, the company said. The change comes as Universal McCann gears up to defend more than $4 billion in combined billings in reviews being staged by GM and L'Oreal. " 
posted by Tracy @ 8:40 AM  0 comments   
Monday, March 14, 2005
Baseball Advertising - Personal Interest?  
In New Ads for Baseball, the Fans Are the StarsBy STUART ELLIOTT Published: March 14, 2005COLORFUL, celebratory campaign scheduled to begin today to promote the opening of the 2005 Major League Baseball season is all about the fans, unlike the campaign that helped start the season last year, which featured players.The change in the lineup for television commercials replaces stars like Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez with a baker's dozen of rabid fans of the six teams that made it to the post-season in 2004: the Astros, Angels, Cardinals, Dodgers, Red Sox and Yankees.The theme of the campaign, "I live for this," remains the same, only now it is uttered by people wearing not uniforms but team-themed costumes, with logos painted on their faces and tickets around their necks, who were selected in open casting calls from Jan. 22 to Feb. 2 in Houston, St. Louis, Los Angeles, Boston, New York and Anaheim, Calif.The switch for the 2005 campaign, which had a budget of $5 million to $7 million, was planned months ago, say executives of Major League Baseball and their agency, McCann Erickson Worldwide, before the contentious accusations were made that some players used steroids to enhance their performance."One has nothing to do with the other," said Tim Brosnan, executive vice president for business at the Major League Baseball headquarters in New York."As important as it is to celebrate players, the fans are an important part of the game because the depth and intensity of our schedule asks a lot of them," he added, referring to the length of the baseball season and the number of games played. "So we want to give them the stage to express their avidity for the game."Players are not disappearing for good, Mr. Brosnan said, adding that "at some point during the season" they will return in promotional commercials that will also carry the "I live for this" theme. Players will also appear, starting next month, in public service announcements produced by the league that will run during games covered by national broadcast and cable television networks, he said.Still, the threat that cries of "play ball" on spring training diamonds this week could be drowned out by cries of "point of order" in a Congressional hearing room raises questions about why fans are designated hitters for players."You started to see fans featured last year in spots for marketers looking for ways to stay in baseball without attaching themselves to specific players," said Bob Dorfman, executive vice president and creative director at Pickett Advertising in San Francisco, who has long tracked the value of professional athletes as endorsers."Focusing on the game and the people who are passionate about it to get fans more passionate about it is a smart way to promote baseball and avoid getting into hot water," Mr. Dorfman said.Concentrating on the fans rather than the players may also make more sense for baseball than for other sports, according to data from new research conducted for Octagon Worldwide, a sports marketing agency in New York. (Although Octagon and McCann are both owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, Octagon neither produced the survey on McCann's behalf nor shared the data with McCann.)The "Octagon Passion Drivers" report, based on research among more than 10,000 passionate fans of 25 sports, shows that admiration for players ranks fifth among motivations for baseball fans, trailing team devotion (with its related sense of belonging), nostalgia (particularly linking baseball and one's family history), the social aspects of the sport, and personal indulgence (baseball as time for oneself).By contrast, for fans of Nascar, the car drivers "are 1, 2, 3" among the reasons to follow stock-car racing, said Rick Dudley, president and chief executive at Octagon, whereas for baseball "unless you're among the elite, a Derek Jeter, you're not going to break through."The turmoil over steroid use "has had its impact and will take some time to pass," Mr. Dudley said, but baseball "is incredibly resilient.""With all the strikes and lockouts, baseball is the first to suffer the slings and arrows," he added, "but it survives, and thrives."Based on statistics like ticket sales, television ratings and sales of licensed merchandise, said Irwin Warren, executive vice president and executive creative director at the McCann flagship New York office, "the fans love baseball."As for steroids, "it's a concern for everyone in baseball and everyone who loves baseball," Mr. Warren said, but "what industry hasn't been tarnished?""We're living in an era when the rude gaze of public scrutiny is everywhere," he added. "There are scandals all over."The commercials aimed at stirring interest in the opening of the 2005 season, which starts April 3 with a game between the Red Sox and Yankees, will run on the networks that carry Major League Baseball games - ESPN, Fox and TBS - as well as on the league's Web site (mlb.com).The fans chosen to appear in the six spots were those who told "the most compelling stories," Mr. Brosnan said, but candidates were screened to filter out actors trying to get on television. "No posers allowed," Mr. Brosnan said. Mr. Warren said the agency and production team did "due diligence on the people we'd select, to make sure we'd have no ax murderers."Still, many of the fans perform with drop-dead aplomb and flair.The standouts include two fans who root for the Astros, Josh Galla and Idrees Tily, dressed as "killer bees" to salute the Houston players whose surnames begin with "B." A Cardinals fan, Laura Janaske, with a team logo painted on her face, starts off with a hearty "Howdy" and cheerily declares, "Every baseball game is a holiday." And a pair of sisters, Karen Fogerty and Cheryl DiRocco, describe the delightful dilemma they face as Red Sox fans: "We don't know how to explain winning. What are we going to say this year, 'This is the year they repeat?' "The lighthearted tone of the campaign, a contrast to so many others that take a reverential approach toward baseball, reflects a core belief of McCann Erickson, Mr. Warren said, that "baseball is entertainment, not something you wrap a flag in or have to go to Harvard to take a course in. 
posted by Tracy @ 11:34 AM  0 comments   
Berghoff and Canadian Beer  
Canadian beer with a Wisconsin accentCalgary siblings challenge Molson and Labatt with brews made in the Badger StateBy TOM DAYKINtdaykin@journalsentinel.comWhen Manjit and Ravinder Minhas embarked on their mission to shake up the Canadian brewing industry, they turned to Wisconsin for help.Manjit Minhas and her brother Ravinder have grabbed market share among beer drinkers in western Canada with their lower-priced, Wisconsin-made brands. Now they’re expanding into Ontario.Beer made for Canada’s Mountain Crest Brewing Co. rolls into the shipping area at Joseph Huber Brewing Co. in Monroe. The Canadian brewer’s products are sold in Canada, as well as in Wisconsin and three other Midwestern states.About the CompanyManjit Minhas, 24, is president of Mountain Crest Brewing Co., which she owns with her 23-year-old brother, Ravinder, in Calgary, Alberta. They’re shaking up the Canadian brewing industry by selling beer at prices well below the country’s biggest brews.The Minhases are able to do that by outsourcing their production to two Wisconsin breweries: Joseph Huber Brewing Co. in Monroe, and City Brewing Co. in La Crosse. Mountain Crest and its affiliated companies posted revenue of over $30 million Canadian last year. Because of Mountain Crest’s growth, Huber has added 20 employees, and City Brewing expects to add workers as well.Their fast-growing business is luring beer drinkers from some of Canada's biggest companies, and that is creating jobs at two Badger State breweries.The Minhases, a pair of twentysomething siblings, own Mountain Crest Brewing Co., which in 2002 entered the beer business in their hometown of Calgary, Alberta. Mountain Crest quickly won a following throughout Alberta by marketing its self-proclaimed "damn good beer" at prices well below the country's biggest brews, including Molson Canadian and Labatt Blue. The company is now entering Ontario, which accounts for 39% of Canada's population and includes Toronto, its largest city.All of Mountain Crest's beer is made in Wisconsin, at Joseph Huber Brewing Co. in Monroe and City Brewing Co. in La Crosse. By farming out production, Mountain Crest can limit its costs while selling a high-quality brew, said Manjit Minhas, Mountain Crest president. Her brother, Ravinder, is vice president."I think their success, to a large measure, is predicated on the fact that they're receiving pretty good beer from your Wisconsin breweries," said Ron Waldman, chief executive officer of Great Western Brewing Co., a regional Canadian brewer based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.As a result, Huber installed new canning equipment, a $250,000 investment partly financed by Mountain Crest, said Gary Olson, brewery plant manager. Huber added a second shift last summer to handle its growing production contract with Mountain Crest, creating 20 new jobs, Olson said."It was great for both us and town of Monroe," said Olson. The brewery now has 51 employees in the southern Wisconsin community.Former Heileman siteMountain Crest's expanding sales also led it recently to hire City Brewing to handle additional production. City Brewing, which uses the former Heileman brewery, will hire more people if Mountain Crest's sales keep growing rapidly, said Randy Smith, City Brewing president. The company has 250 employees, but during last summer's peak selling season it had 400 working in La Crosse.Mountain Crest has several brands. Its main brew is called Mountain Crest in Alberta and was launched in January in Manitoba as Minhas Creek. In Ontario, it's being rolled out as Lakeshore Creek.Smith, who tangled with Canadian brewers while general counsel at G. Heileman Brewing Co. during a 1990 trade dispute, said the Minhases are wisely exploiting higher beer prices from Molson Inc. and Labatt Breweries of Canada Inc., that nation's dominant brewers.Mountain Crest's TV ads feature protesters carrying signs and chanting "Down with high beer prices." The beer sells for around $6 in Canadian currency for a six-pack, compared with $9 to $10 for Molson Canadian and Labatt Blue. Manjit Minhas said the company's marketing approach is simple."We're looking for a drinker who's looking for a quality beer at a fair price," she said.Beer prices in Canada are high partly because taxes are steeper there than in the United States, Smith said.Another reason, Smith said, is the dominance of Molson and Labatt, which together control about 85% of the Canadian market. In the United States, where a six-pack of premium mainstream beer such as Miller Lite sells for about $4.50 to $5, the top three brewers - Anheuser-Busch Inc., Miller Brewing Co. and Adolph Coors Co. - control 79% of the market.Minhas said her company can undersell Molson and Labatt because of a tax break provided to small brewers, and because Mountain Crest accepts a lower profit margin than its large, publicly traded competitors.Her business also operates with low overhead. Along with outsourcing production, Mountain Crest relies less on expensive TV ads and more on promotions - and free news media coverage."Everybody loves a David and Goliath story," Minhas said.Started as studentsEspecially when David is barely out of school.Manjit Minhas, 24, and her brother, 23, started their first company, Mountain Crest Liquors Inc., in 1999, when Manjit was an engineering student at the University of Calgary and Ravinder was finishing high school. Their parents operate three liquor stores in Calgary, and Manjit saw an opportunity to import inexpensive spirits, such as tequila and vodka, into Canada from the United States and other countries.They entered the beer business three years later. After hiring a brewmaster to create formulas for their various brands, the Minhases began searching for a brewery. Rebuffed by Canadian brewers, who didn't want to help a competitor, they hired Huber, which makes Berghoff brand beers and also provides contract brewing services.Manjit Minhas was impressed with Huber's ability to make quality beers at low prices.But Huber didn't have enough equipment to handle Mountain Crest's packaging. So the Minhases helped Huber finance the installation of a new canning line.Since then, Huber's contract with Mountain Crest has doubled from the company's original projection, Olson said."It's been keeping us busy," Olson said.Mountain Crest is now adding City Brewing as it increases production. Minhas said her beer and spirits companies posted revenue of more than $30 million Canadian last year, with beer accounting for 85% of sales. She expects sales to soar past $60 million this year.Sued by MolsonMountain Crest has irritated some of its competitors. With the overall Canadian beer market experiencing virtually no growth, Mountain Crest's success means lost sales for other brewers.Montreal-based Molson sued Mountain Crest in 2002, claiming the label for one of its brands copied the label for its Molson Pilsner brand. Mountain Crest countersued, and the dispute was settled out of court. Molson later ran newspaper ads claiming similarities in the design between the Mountain Crest and Molson Canadian labels.Minhas and other Canadian brewers say Molson and Toronto-based Labatt have since slashed prices for two of their cheaper brands, Carling Black Label and Lucky Lager. Minhas said those prices cuts were a direct result of Mountain Crest's growth and that the tactic has not slowed her company.A spokeswoman for Molson, which merged with Coors last month, didn't return calls seeking comment.Bob Chant, a spokesman for Labatt, which is owned by Belgium-based InBev, the world's largest brewer, said it was "interesting" that the Mountain Crest cans and bottle labels don't mention that the beer is brewed in the United States.Mountain Crest's growth is coming at the expense of companies that employ Canadians, he said.Doug Saville, chief executive officer of Fort Garry Brewing Co., a regional Canadian brewer based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, said Mountain Crest has "ticked off the big boys" through its growing sales.But by outsourcing production to Wisconsin, Mountain Crest has failed to "add anything to the community," said Saville.Minhas said Saville's comments are sour grapes because Mountain Crest has taken business from Fort Garry. She said her companies are adding to the Canadian economy by paying taxes and by employing 25 people. Minhas also said the Mountain Crest labels say that the beer is imported, which "clearly means it's not from Canada."Waldman, of Great Western Brewing, said Mountain Crest has done a good job but has "disrupted" the Canadian brewing industry by drawing consumers to cheaper brands. That means lower profits for everyone, he said.Still, don't expect Minhas to apologize. And don't expect her to be happy with just shaking up Canada. Another brand, Mountain Creek, is available in Wisconsin and three other Midwestern states. Minhas expects growing U.S. sales."We've got high hopes," she said. 
posted by Tracy @ 8:42 AM  0 comments   
Miller Taps Two Promo Shops  
Miller Taps Two Promo ShopsMonday, Mar 14, 2005 8:16 AM ESTMILLER BREWING COMPANY NAMED UPSHOT one of its two agencies of record for promotions on the Miller Lite and Miller Genuine Draft brands. Upshot will share responsibility for Miller promotions with Arc Worldwide's Frankel. -- Amy Corr" 
posted by Tracy @ 8:38 AM  0 comments   
Commentary Debate For  
WHY WE MUST FORGE AHEAD INTO NEW METHODS OF ADVERTISINGMarketers' Greatest Potential Is In Cutting-Edge TechnologiesMarch 14, 2005By Scott DonatonMy god, these are exciting times in the business.I don’t know a better way to capture the power of it other than to express my own amazement. Each time I spend a few hours listening to conference speakers -- as I did earlier this month at the 4A’s media gig, at the worst hotel in New Orleans -- or chatting over Cobb salads with an industry executive, I find myself swamped with more information, ideas and insights than can easily be digested.Pity the Ad Age editors and reporters at the receiving end of my subsequent flurry of e-mails and phone calls. I also fill my own in-box with reminder notes, lists of people to meet, companies to follow up with, Web sites to visit and technologies to comprehend.Blackberries The thing is, I’m not alone. There’s a misperception that all of those people slamming away with their thumbs on Blackberry keyboards during conference panel discussions are bored with the content of the programs. My theory is that they’re taking the ideas sparked by the stage debates, putting them into words and beaming them to others before the insight is buried under an avalanche of provocative thoughts. (OK, some of them may also be confirming restaurant reservations. But still.)Consider the rapid penetration and easy consumer acceptance of video on demand. Cellphones that play broadcast-quality music videos and weather forecasts. Video games with ad messages that can be swapped out online in real time. Streaming audio. Pod-casting. Text messages. Instant messaging. Google. TiVo.The decline of mass marketing. The rise of new platforms. The debate over whether contact (media) or content (ad creative) should take the lead. Consumer control -- and the eagerness of empowered audiences to use digital technology to divorce marketing material from entertainment and information.The future is here This isn’t some dark vision of the terrifying implications of a future that may or may not come to pass. It’s the reality of marketing circa the ides of March 2005. Beware.Brian Roberts, CEO of Comcast, said in New Orleans that his cable company -- which today must be recognized as one of advertising’s new powers -- will offer as many as 10,000 VOD programs in a few months, most of them free to subscribers. In Philadelphia, where it has aggressively pushed VOD, 69% of Comcast cable homes accessed on-demand programming in January, Roberts said, while 81% used it over the last three months. Nationally, Comcast counts 21.5 million subscribers. Its cable rivals also get the power of on-demand.Much of the VOD viewing action is in what Roberts called cable’s “big four” of sports, news, movies and kids programming. “My goal is to make 1 billion TV impressions happen on demand in 2005,” he said. “The usage is a quite exciting trend.”Willingly paying for content Will advertising be a part of it? “We’re on the leading edge of developing new advertising applications,” Roberts said. Those range from a General Motors VOD showcase channel on Comcast’s Philadelphia system to Fruity Pebbles cereal’s sponsorship of Cartoon Network programming to the ability to update creative messages in on-demand shows. But unless marketers advance more creative solutions, this segment potentially moves forward with only limited ad involvement. Think consumers won’t pay for content without the subsidy of ad dollars? Think again. Or, better yet, eye your own monthly cable bill and add up your iTunes invoices.This marketing revolution is neither theoretical, nor overblown. It’s under way. But this is not a time for fear, resistance, denial or defensiveness -- despite the natural inclination to protect an existing pile of cash. It’s the most exciting time ever to be in or around the businesses of media, marketing and communications. You can feel it, too. I know you can. 
posted by Tracy @ 8:34 AM  0 comments   
Commentary Debate Against  
WHY ESTABLISHED METHODS OF ADVERTISING ARE THE ANSWERMarketers' Greatest Problem Is Poor Quality AdsMarch 14, 2005By Rance CrainYou can’t have it both ways. Two stories in last week’s issue had consumers and marketers going in opposite directions. Influential consumers seem to want to be wooed in traditional media, while marketers are gearing up to hit them and everybody else when and where they’re not expecting ad messages.That’s a dangerous path to take.Surefire way to build resentment Most consumers expect and tolerate ads on TV and in magazines and newspapers, but I contend that putting ads on virtually every blade of grass will build resentment for advertising everywhere -- even in traditional media.Jonathan Field, a consultant to ad agencies, reacted to my last column when I said we should fix what we’ve got before charging off into uncharted territory.“The problem with advertising is not marketing but second-rate creativity,” Mr. Field e-mailed me. “I think the problem of marketing pollution will be increased, not decreased, by the move to branding 24/7. George Orwell’s '1984' would look pacific (or perhaps just visionary of our era) in a universe where your most intimate relationships are overshadowed by brand buzz, every movie becomes a drama around product placement, and every breath we breathe becomes monetized. Really scary. Great advertising can bring real delight, striking chords because of honesty or insight and surprise.”Dealing with paperwork One of the problems is that advertising management at the client level is most often responsible for stuff like media expenditures, agency compensation and production costs rather than for the quality of advertising itself. One reader commented that this division of labor “explains why most clients are afraid to take chances in advertising. Maybe marketers are moving away from traditional advertising because it’s more likely to get them fired than a product placement.”As I noted in my last column, Chicago agency man Mark Silviera, in his book Ordinary Advertising. And How to Avoid It Like the Plague, suggests that marketers should establish the position of Chief Advertising Officer to champion great advertising.Help for the auto industry The auto industry is badly in need of such a person. Have you seen the TV commercials for Buick’s new LaCrosse? It’s as if the ads were written for an entirely different car, one that is sleek and cool and hip. One spot shows elegantly clad women caressing themselves while adoring (and adorning) the LaCrosse, and another opens with candles flickering in silent tribute to this apparently magnificent machine. The tagline: “The car you’ve been dreaming of is the car we’ve dreamed up.”What are they talking about? It looks like some frumpy old Buick to me -- you know, the one Tiger Woods drives. I read in Automotive News that General Motors had a really neat-looking car ready to go as the new LaCrosse, but they dumbed it down because they didn’t want it to be too radical for Buick buyers.So Buick’s marketing people wanted the ads to reflect the sophistication of the automobile they almost, but didn’t quite, have the courage to build. The CAO could have demanded that LaCrosse ads refrain from making an absolutely absurd statement about the car so as not to raise expectations beyond reality.Forget greatness How many potential LaCrosse buyers were lured to showrooms with the idea that the car must be something really special only to have their hopes dashed when they saw the car in the cold light of day? Sometimes, I would venture to say, the CAO’s job would be to just make the advertising realistic, never mind great.There is rampant miscommunication bolloxing up the ad business these days. Consumers want great advertising that delivers on its promise and that is delivered where they expect ads to be. Marketers are intent on giving them something else. 
posted by Tracy @ 8:32 AM  0 comments   
GM Account in review  
NOT BECAUSE I THOUGHT WE WOULD GO AFTER, JUST INFORMATIONALIncumbent Interpublic Group of Cos. Units Invited to DefendMarch 11, 2005By Jean HallidayDETROIT (AdAge.com) -- General Motors Corp., the nation's second-largest advertiser in 2004, has put into review its $2.8 billion national and regional dealer group media-buying account, according to the company.The spokeswoman said the national and regional incumbents -- Interpublic Group of Cos.' General Motors Mediaworks of Warren, Mich., and New York, and LCI of New York, respectively -- have been invited to defend. A decision is expected in two months, the spokeswoman said. An internal team will conduct the review, and no search consultant has been hired.Mediaworks vs. Starcom Mediaworks, GM's dedicated buying agency, which was formed in 1994, will do battle against Publicis Groupe's Starcom MediaVest. In 2004 Starcom won GM's out-of-home account, which Mediaworks had handled.Starcom's sibling, General Motors Planworks, Detroit, has been the automaker's dedicated media planner and researcher since its formation in late 2000.GM spent $2.8 billion in measured media last year, according to TNS Media Intelligence.Richard Sirvaitis, president of Mediaworks, was on a plane from Detroit back to New York at press time and unavailable to comment, his assistant said. Dennis Donlin, president of Planworks, declined comment and referred calls to GM.'Competitive landscape has changed' When asked why GM is conducting the review, the spokeswoman replied: 'The competitive landscape has changed so much that it's time to take a fresh look at things.'GM has been losing market share in the U.S. due to increasing difficulties moving its vehicles, even with steep incentives." 
posted by Tracy @ 8:30 AM  0 comments   
GM $2.8 BILLION MEDIA ACCOUNT GOES INTO REVIEW  
NOT BECAUSE I THOUGHT WE WOULD GO AFTER, JUST INFORMATIONALIncumbent Interpublic Group of Cos. Units Invited to DefendMarch 11, 2005By Jean HallidayDETROIT (AdAge.com) -- General Motors Corp., the nation's second-largest advertiser in 2004, has put into review its $2.8 billion national and regional dealer group media-buying account, according to the company.The spokeswoman said the national and regional incumbents -- Interpublic Group of Cos.' General Motors Mediaworks of Warren, Mich., and New York, and LCI of New York, respectively -- have been invited to defend. A decision is expected in two months, the spokeswoman said. An internal team will conduct the review, and no search consultant has been hired.Mediaworks vs. Starcom Mediaworks, GM's dedicated buying agency, which was formed in 1994, will do battle against Publicis Groupe's Starcom MediaVest. In 2004 Starcom won GM's out-of-home account, which Mediaworks had handled.Starcom's sibling, General Motors Planworks, Detroit, has been the automaker's dedicated media planner and researcher since its formation in late 2000.GM spent $2.8 billion in measured media last year, according to TNS Media Intelligence.Richard Sirvaitis, president of Mediaworks, was on a plane from Detroit back to New York at press time and unavailable to comment, his assistant said. Dennis Donlin, president of Planworks, declined comment and referred calls to GM.'Competitive landscape has changed' When asked why GM is conducting the review, the spokeswoman replied: 'The competitive landscape has changed so much that it's time to take a fresh look at things.'GM has been losing market share in the U.S. due to increasing difficulties moving its vehicles, even with steep incentives." 
posted by Tracy @ 8:28 AM  0 comments   
Friday, March 11, 2005
SAATCHI FILES LAWSUIT AGAINST MIKE BURNS  
SAATCHI FILES LAWSUIT AGAINST MIKE BURNSLegal Action Follows Mass Defection of Burns' Staff to InterpublicMarch 11, 2005By Lisa SandersNEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- Publicis Groupe's Saatchi & Saatchi Worldwide has filed a lawsuit against Mike Burns, the ad agency's former vice chairman and worldwide account director on General Mills who left the agency last month.State Supreme Court'Saatchi & Saatchi has today commenced a lawsuit against Michael Burns in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York. The lawsuit seeks damages and other relief against Mr. Burns. Upon advice of counsel, we will have no further comment,' the agency said in a statement today.Mr. Burns, 48, worked at Saatchi for 25 years before leaving the agency Feb. 11. Three days after his departure, 17 employees who worked for him on the General Mills account resigned en masse.No commentCalls to Mr. Burns for comment on the lawsuit were not returned by presstime.Meanwhile, earlier today, Publicis rival Interpublic Group of Cos. announced it has hired the group to work in a marketing unit with a health-and-wellness focus to children and families. 
posted by Tracy @ 3:46 PM  0 comments   
Beer News  
MARSTON'S BREWS 'NUTS PREMIUM BEER'How about some Nuts beer to go with your Beer Nuts? The English magazine Nuts has struck a deal with Marston's Brewery to produced 200 cases of "Nuts Premium Beer" to be given away in a series of competition in the magazine. The current issue features the beer on the cover. "We are delighted to brew this special beer for such a popular title as Nuts," said Peter Jackson,marketing director of Wolverhampton & Dudley Breweries (WDB) Brands. "The team at Nuts recognized our commitment to quality and brewing excellence when they came to us to ask us to brew this beer." A spokeswoman said that if demand for the beer was high enough then WDB Brands could look into making it a more permanent fixture in their portfolio. Perhaps then it will be possible to pair the beer with the popular Beer Nuts snack produced in the United States.BRITISH PROMOTE 'FEMALE FRIENDLY' SERVING SIZESA £1 million marketing campaign aims to replace traditional pints and halves with "female friendly" thirds in an attempt to shatter the macho image of beer. The British Beer and Pub Association wants the smaller measures, served in large wine-style glasses, to lure female drinkers away from wine, alcopops and other fruit-based drinks. Trials of more "feminine" glasses are part of the association's "Beautiful Beer" campaign. The beer industry is concerned at the growth of wine, which has overtaken beer as Britain's favorite drink. About 36% of women in pubs drink wine but only 14% cent drink beer.MAN LOSES JOB - APPARENTLY FOR DRINKING BUD LIGHTThe battle between the world's largest beer makers - Anheuser-Busch and SABMiller - got personal last month for a Wisconsin man when he lost his job. Isac Aguero, 24, said he was fired the same day a picture appeared in The Journal Times showing him holding a bottle of Bud Light. The picture was taken while Aguero was out in downtown Racine during Mardi Crawl, and appeared as part of the Journal Times weekly "On the Town" feature depictingarea nightlife. Aguero was a forklift operator for CJW Inc., the area's distributor of Miller Brewing Co. products. He said he believes he was fired unfairly. "It was a Saturday and I wasn't at work," he said. "They can't tell me what beverages I can drink." 
posted by Tracy @ 1:04 PM  0 comments   
IPG Hires 'Saatchi 17'  
NEW YORK The 17 executives who walked out of Saatchi & Saatchi three weeks ago, creating the expectation that General Mills business would follow,have been hired by rival Interpublic Group, which is creating a standalone unit for most of them to pitch brands related to youth, family, health andwellness, IPG confirmed. 
posted by Tracy @ 12:59 PM  0 comments   
How Can I Differentiate My Brand?  
How Can I Differentiate My Brand?By AllBusiness.com There are so many new products and services hitting the market these days. What can I do to make sure my brand is differentiated in the marketplace?Differentiation is key for any product or service. In this Web age, impressions come to people so fast it's virtually impossible to retain all the messages we're bombarded with. In order to make people stop, look and listen, it is imperative that the brand you're creating cuts through the clutter. A name and logo and 'look and feel' of your communications is the starting point for how people perceive you.In order to lead in your category, you want your target audience to notice and remember you. Because the core of your brand is your name and how that name is visually expressed, there is a terrific opportunity to make these elements work for you. Take your brand development seriously, and invest what is necessary to have a company help you achieve your goals.Equally important, make sure you think through and communicate your company's positioning and core values. If you can't articulate what differentiates you to your branding consultant, chances are they won't be able to communicate it visually either. They need clear direction from which to craft a memorable, differentiated brand. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:46 AM  0 comments   
How to Hire a Great Ad Writer  
[Not that you wouldn't know already, but I thought I would share anyways.]How to Hire a Great Ad WriterBy Roy H. Williams - Entrepreneur.comCommon sense would tell you that a person with a degree in advertising and marketing would be a better than average ad writer. But then common sense would be wrong. Rarely can a person with a marketing degree write anything more interesting than a grocery list. Or at least that's been my experience, having hired more than 150 ad writers during the past 25 years.Strangely, the college degrees that I've found to more often indicate writing talent are these:1. Art history. Surprised? You shouldn't be. This degree requires a tremendous amount of writing. The successful art history student must routinely find words to express what is by nature inexpressible. 'Explain the difference between the impact of Jackson Pollock and that of Pablo Picasso.' Show me a person who can wrap their arms around that, and I'll show you a great ad writer in the making.2. English. People who love to read and write will often major in English, even though they know there's little they can do with their degree after graduation. There are two kinds of people who graduate with an English degree. One is a natural editor, great at content evaluation, thought organization and sentence structure. The editor knows instinctively what to leave out. The other is a romantic in love with words, and he or she always knows what to include. Look closely at the cover letters accompanying their résumés. The editor's letter will be clear, concise and well organized. The romantic will be flamboyant in his or her use of colorful words and phrases. If your product is purchased intellectually, hire the editor type. If it's purchased emotionally--from gut feelings--hire the romantic.The most important question to ask during an interview is this: 'How many books do you typically read in a year and what have you been reading lately?' Anything less than 15 books per year is not acceptable. Extra points for the person who reads 25 or more, and nonfiction books don't count. You're looking for the person who reads poetry and novels and spends his or her spare time writing short stories and screenplays. Putting the right words in the right order to express the right idea in the right way is a skill not unique to advertising. Show me a hungry reader of great literature--something besides newspapers, business books and magazines--and I'll show you someone who can bang words together so the sound of them will ring for miles. Make no mistake: That's exactly what it takes to make your ads stand out from among the clutter.I'm not suggesting that ad writers use a literary style in their ad writing, only that they create the same kinds of word-juxtapositions, elegant incongruities and joltingly vivid descriptions that distinguish the legendary authors. And writers can't hear these kinds of phrases echoing in their ears during the day unless they're filling their minds with them at night. Hire a hungry reader in love with language.Be sure you interact substantially with each of your candidates in writing before you ever speak with them by phone or in person. Why? You're not likely to be impressed with a great writer during a face-to-face interview. Writing is their preferred method of communication, remember? And great writers are a different breed. As John Steinbeck wrote in his diary (published by The New York Times): 'In utter loneliness a writer tries to explain the inexplicable. He must believe that what he is doing is the most important thing in the world. And he must hold to this illusion even when he knows it is not true.' Wow. What a perfect description of a great ad writer.Great writers were rarely the quarterback or the head cheerleader or the student voted most likely to succeed. They were usually misfit kids like the legendary screenwriter David Freeman, who recently said, 'The goal of life is to take everything that made you weird as a kid and get people to pay you money for it when you're older.'Go hire a David Freeman, and your ads will start pumping out prospects like you never thought possible. You'll probably find your David working at a Barnes & Noble.Roy Williams is the founder and president of The Wizard of Ads, a company serving the advertising and marketing needs of business owners around the globe. Williams is also the author of The Wizard of Ads and Secret Formulas of the Wizard of Ads. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:31 AM  0 comments   
Yahoo for Small Businesses  
Yahoo Starts Small Business Information Site NEW YORKYahoo said it has launched a service that it hopes will attract advertisers looking to connect with small business owners. The Yahoo Small Business Resource Center features news and background on issues affecting small businesses, from marketing to legal problems to human resources. Yahoo has created some of the content itself, such as a guide to search advertising, and struck partnerships with news publishers like Fast Company, Inc. and AllBusiness.com. "We're very much getting into the advertising business," said Rich Riley, vice president and general manager of Yahoo Small Business. The resource center will complement the Yahoo Small Business service offerings, which range from Web hosting to e-mail to search marketing packages. Riley predicted it would become an essential resource for small businesses unable to find all the information they need in one place. "What we've done is try to aggregate and create the leading content on the Web relating to small businesses," he said. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:22 AM  0 comments   
Young Germans lose the thirst for beer  
Young Germans lose the thirst for beer Brauereisterben (that's brewery death to you) strikes as sales flatten out Luke Harding in MunichThursday March 10, 2005The Guardian Sitting in one of Munich's oldest beer halls, surrounded by antlers and traditional coats of arms, Emil Schneider yesterday reflected on why Germans drink beer. 'It's like a food for us,' he explained. 'I drank my first beer when I was 10. It was during the second world war.'What did he think of British beer? 'I've tried it. It's not bad,' he said, sipping a tall glass of frothy amber-coloured Weizen, Bavaria's most popular variety. 'But it's not my beer,' he added.Ever since a group of enterprising monks founded the world's first brewery nearby back in the 11th century, Germany in general and Munich in particular have been associated with beer.But despite the efforts of Mr Schneider - who dropped into Munich's 19th century Augustiner beer hall yesterday for a swift lunchtime drink - the industry is in crisis.Over the past decade, German beer consumption has dropped dramatically. In 1990, every German man and woman drank an average of 147 litres (258 pints) of beer a year. The figure has now sunk to just 206 pints.Last month, there was more bad news when the Oetker group, one of Germany's largest beer producers, announced it was closing the 133-year-old Berliner Kindl brewery in Berlin and the Brinkhoff brewery in the western city of Dortmund.Germany's surviving 1,270 breweries are now having to confront an uncomfortable truth: that Germans aren't drinking enough beer any more. There is even a term for the industry's gradual but apparently certain demise - Brauereisterben or 'brewery death'.'There is a problem. People don't want to be seen drinking grandfather's beer. It isn't chic. It isn't lifestyle,' Peter Hahn, the chief executive of the Association of German Beer Brewers admitted. 'We have to persuade Germans, especially young ones, that beer is cool again.'There are a number of contributing factors to the drop in beer consumption. Germany's population is getting older, and as elderly beer drinkers die off there are too few young Germans to replace them. The economy, meanwhile, is depressed. Younger Germans are adopting a more health-conscious lifestyle and the industry has found itself struggling to compete against the success of alcopops - despite a government tax introduced last August to discourage teenagers from drinking them.Mr Schneider, 69, meanwhile, had another explanation. 'When I was growing up everyone worked in the fields. Back then it didn't matter how much beer you drank,' he observed as waitresses in flowery Bavarian skirts served steaming plates of liver sausage and sauerkraut to the beer hall's mainly elderly customers.So far, the beer crisis has had little impact on Munich's celebrated Oktoberfest, the mass collective orgy of open-air drinking that takes places every year. But most of the people who attend the world's largest beer festival are tourists. Last year they sank some six million litres of beer.The city's brewers - including famous names like Löwenbräu (pronounced by the Germans as Loevenbroi rather than the anglicised Lowen-Brow) - are now trying to devise ways of winning more domestic customers.Several Bavarian breweries have experimented with 'eco-beer', made from entirely organic ingredients.Others are busy marketing less bitter Feinmild brands, which are aimed at women drinkers. Most importantly, though, German breweries are trying to get the message across that drinking beer doesn't necessarily give you an unfashionable saggy beer belly. It can, they suggest, even be good for you.'We are trying to lobby against the prejudice that beer isn't healthy. There are many studies that show beer can prevent heart attacks and reduce cholesterol,' Walter König, spokesman for the association of Bavarian brewers pointed out. The association's brochures show glamorous and fit young couples holding large glasses of beer and, improbably, wearing roller skates.Despite the decline, however, there is little prospect that Germany, which accounts for more than three-quarters of Europe's breweries, will turn its back on beer altogether.Germans remain intensely conservative about what they drink. They are proud of Germany's Rheinheitsgebot or beer purity law - an edict made back in 1516 by Bavaria's King Wilhelm IV and still in force today. He said that beer could include water, malt, and hops and nothing else. Foreign beers, which don't always conform to the law, account for a mere 3% of the German market.Instead of trying to persuade Germans to change their drinking habits, international consortiums are now buying up German brewing firms, with more than two dozen German breweries changing hands last year.Germany's Social Democrat-led government is a keen supporter of the beer industry. The country's chancellor Gerhard Schröder is known to enjoy a Pils or two, while the industry and labour minister Wolfgang Clement is Germany's official 'beer ambassador'.One thing is clear: whatever their own preferences German voters prefer politicians who appear to enjoy a beer. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:21 AM  0 comments   
Types of Potty Training Pants  
http://www.pottytrainingconcepts.com/potty-training-pants/Potty_Training_Pants.htmMight be an interesting site to search if you have not been there before 
posted by Tracy @ 9:18 AM  0 comments   
Marketers Split on Contextual Ad Effectiveness  
Marketers Split on Contextual Ad EffectivenessBy Kevin Newcomb | March 10, 2005 Despite early criticism of contextual ads, more marketers are turning to them to extend the reach of their search campaigns. But experts warn there are pitfalls if the campaign is not managed properly.'We've seen a shift in perception and performance. We were bullish on the idea originally, but disappointed with the results out of the gates,' said Ron Belanger, VP of search marketing at Carat Interactive. 'We expected traditional search conversion rates, but what we got was much lower.'Still, Carat Interactive now uses contextual ads for about half its clients, mostly as a supplemental tool for incremental reach. Belanger will use contextual ads to create awareness, mostly for things like product launches or branding campaigns that are not tied to specific performance metrics. He suggests avoiding the technique for newer campaigns or keywords that are ultra-competitive, where there's a thin margin.'At the end of the day, you have to look at whether it is the best use of your marketing dollars. With contextual ads, the click-through rate and conversion are lower, but it's still a good buy in some cases,' Belanger said.Some advertisers have found contextual ads to be useful in certain situations, for certain clients, or when used in certain ways. A common use of contextual ads is to extend the reach of a search campaign that has 'hit a wall' of traffic on relevant keywords.'Contextual is not search, but it's still targeted. It's a way to get more volume for a proven ad, through the same interface,' said Andrew Goodman, principal at SEM firm Page Zero Media. 'If you understand that contextual inventory behaves differently, and monitor and track the campaign separately, it can be useful.'Goodman said he includes contextual ads as part of the mix for 75 percent of his clients. In his experience, the core keywords that perform best in search are the ones that perform worst in contextual. In contrast, Goodman said the 'tail words' -- keywords that have less volume but still draw incremental traffic -- can perform more than 200 times better in contextual than in search, in some cases.Fred Rubin, director of iDeutsch and directDeutsh, sees contextual advertising as the 'next-best' option to search. 'What we've been trying to do for a hundred years is put our ads in front of the right people. Search has proven to be the most efficient way to generate leads, but there's an inventory issue,' Rubin said.Rubin points out that all advertising follows the time-honored direct mail model: 'Sell as much as you can, as cheaply as you can, and when you exhaust that channel, you move to the next.' 
posted by Tracy @ 9:17 AM  0 comments   
A Tale of Two Media Shops  
A Tale Of Two Media Shops: MPG and Universal McCannby Joe Mandese, Friday, Mar 11, 2005 7:45 AM ESTTHE STORIES OF HAVAS' MPG and Interpublic's Universal McCann are emerging as a tale of two media shops, and they are an allegory for the cyclical nature of the media services business. That epic was underscored Thursday when Universal McCann, an agency that had been in the doldrums of late, picked up Intel Corp.'s $300 million media account - an account which left MPG. Also leaving MPG on Thursday were 60 members of its U.S. workforce, a reduction of 15 percent of its organization that follows a string of high-profile losses including Intel, but especially Volkswagen's $500 million U.S. media account. But even as MPG downsizes, Universal, which has been on a bit of a roll, has begun staffing up, adding some high-level positions to its roster. On Thursday, Universal named Lou Romano senior vice president-group director on its Sony Pictures Entertainment account. Romano, who had been a group media director at DDB Entertainment, was the second top Universal hire announced this week. On Tuesday, Universal confirmed it had hired Catherine Warburton-Scott as senior vice president-national broadcast for Sony. She made the jump from senior vice president-associate director of national broadcast at Carat, an agency that also has been experiencing some high-level staff attrition, but which has been winning big business. On Thursday, Carat picked up the $100 million Revlon media account, which has been at Deutsch.Such are the vagaries in the media services business, which like the rest of Madison Avenue, can see the fortunes and organizations of media shops rise and fall in the matter of months all on the basis of a few account wins and losses. Universal's roll follows more than a year of downturn, which itself followed a hot streak that made it a media agency of the year only a few years ago.MPG, meanwhile, has been rocked by some big client losses, as well as speculation that its parent Havas may be the subject of a hostile takeover, or a merger with another agency.Much of that is expected to change - in the U.S., anyway - on April 4 when Charlie Rutman joins as CEO. Rutman, who has been president of Carat's U.S. operations, is the latest in a string of executives to take the top job at MPG North America, but the buzz inside and out the organization is that he may be the guy to revive its fortunes, give it some new street cred and attract the kind of business and personnel that could put it back on the upswing. Insiders say Thursday's staff reduction was made purposely before Rutman joined in order to give him a clean slate to work with. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:13 AM  0 comments   
MILLER PICKS GMR TO HANDLE EVENT MARKETING  
MILLER PICKS GMR TO HANDLE EVENT MARKETINGUpshot, Frankel Get Promotions Account for Lite, MGDMarch 10, 2005By James B. ArndorferCHICAGO (Adage.com) -- Miller Brewing Co. today said incumbent GMR Marketing will handle event marketing for its top selling Miller Lite and Miller Genuine Draft brands, concluding a review of its so-called below-the-line marketing agencies.New Berlin, Wisc.-based GMR, part of Omnicom Group, beat out WPP Group's Wunderman, Chicago, and Aegis Group's Velocity Sports & Entertainment, Wilton, Conn., for the assignment.Promotions roster On the promotions front, Miller picked independent agency Upshot and Frankel, part of Publicis Groupe's Arc Worldwide, to handle Lite and Genuine Draft. Both agencies are based in Chicago.Miller, a unit of London-based SABMiller, is planning to invest more money in promotions and event marketing efforts for its lead brands. The promotions budget has been estimated at $165 million; event marketing at $75 million, largely for concerts.Miller increasingly is going beyond TV advertising to reach 20-somethings. It's also trying to roll back inroads made by spirits marketers that have long emphasized promotion and taken sales from beer at bars and other nightspots.Indeed, Anheuser-Busch has said it too plans to increase spending on promotions.'People are really seeing the impact of what having a one-to-one contact with consumers can have,' said Michael Hand, senior brand manager for Miller promotions.On-premise taste challenges Miller has stepped up promotional activity over the past 12 months –- notably the on-premise taste challenge pitting Miller brews against Anheuser-Busch brands -– and will ramp up further over the next six to 12 months, Mr. Hand said.Miller didn't disclose spending on events and promotions but an executive familiar with the marketer said it is commensurate with ad spending. Miller spent more than $200 million on the brands during through the first 10 months of 2004, according to figures from TNS Media Intelligence.Losing out in the promotion review are Interpublic Group of Cos.' Zipatoni, St. Louis, and Omnicom's the Promotion Network, Dallas. Both shops have handled other Miller brands on a project basis. It remains to be seen whether that will continue, Mr. Hand said.Latest round of TV ads But that doesn't mean Miller is halting its traditional ad efforts. The brewer is stepping up its fight with rival Anheuser-Busch TV spots touting taste-test results showing a majority of Bud Light drinkers said Miller Lite had more taste. The TV spots, handled by roster agency Ogilvy & Mather, New York, part of WPP, will be complemented by radio and print ads and in-store promotional materials, Miller said in a release. The tag: 'Taste for yourself.'The work is a continuation of Miller campaigns that take shots at the No. 1 brewer. Tom Pirko, president of the consultancy BevMark LLC, says the tack makes sense for a challenger like No. 2 Miller. “They need to pound and pound,” the message, says Mr. Pirko. He likened the effort to PepsiCo.’s tweaking of Coca Cola.Miller has been hammering away at A-B for months, including spots that point out Miller Lite has half the carbs of Bud Light. Anheuser-Busch has responded with ads saying all light beers are low in carbs so consumers should choose on taste. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:05 AM  0 comments   
COORS EXPECTED TO NAME NEW PRESIDENT TODAY  
COORS EXPECTED TO NAME NEW PRESIDENT TODAYFrits van Paaschen Was Formerly a Vice President at NikeMarch 11, 2005By James B. ArndorferCHICAGO (AdAge.com) -- Molson Coors Brewing Co. is today expected to name former Nike executive Frits van Paaschen as the president of its U.S. operations, according to executives familiar with the matter.Coors began the search for a U.S. president a year ago.Mr. van Paaschen was a vice president overseeing Nike operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. He left the athletic apparel company last year. Previously, he held executive posts with the Walt Disney Co. and was a consultant for McKinsey & Co.A deal had not been officially signed as of late yesterday, the executives said. A Coors spokeswoman declined comment.Coors launched the search early last year for the newly created post. The brewer is struggling to turn around its flagship Coors Light brand, which suffered its second straight decline last year." 
posted by Tracy @ 9:03 AM  0 comments   
One Way To Get Name In Paper  
Marine Corps reservists back homeBy Star Courier staffROCK ISLAND -- Two Marine Corps reservists from Kewanee arrived home Monday after serving a tour in Iraq.Gunnery Sgt. John Hammer and Cpl. James Behnke are members of the General Support Maintenance Co., 4th Maintenance Battalion, 4th Force Service Support Group based at the Rock Island Arsenal which has been deployed in Iraq since January of 2004.The unit repairs and maintains everything from humvees to generators.G/Sgt. Hammer and Cpl. Behnke were among members of the unit called to active duty last July.Hammer, an 18-year member of the Marine Reserves, is a graduate of Annawan High School, and is employed as a production supervisor at the Wyffels Hybrids seed corn plant in Atkinson.Behnke, a 200 graduate of Kewanee High School, has been in the Marine Reserves for three years. He is employed at Martin Engineering in Neponset.A homecoming ceremony will be held at a later date. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:02 AM  0 comments   
Wall Street Journal News Alerts  
Alert! Wall Street Journal To Offer Breaking News Via Desktopby Gavin O'Malley, Friday, Mar 11, 2005 6:30 AM ESTTHE WALL STREET JOURNAL ONLINE yesterday announced the launch of Desktop News Alerts, which will deliver business, tech, and news alerts to the desktops of any and all who want the free service. The alerts will include small, non-contextual advertisements, initially by AT&T. 'The Online Journal continues to provide 'out of the box' ideas that improve our advertising's ability to generate results,' Jeff Bauer, media director at AT&T, said in a statement.The Desktop News Alerts, which the Journal states are sent 'within minutes of major news events,' will appear in a small window on users' desktops--similar in appearance to an instant messaging window--with a link to the Online Journal for paid subscribers interested in full coverage.David Long, co-founder and managing director of Skinkers, the British firm providing the software, said his company also works with broadcast organizations in Europe, including BBC News, BBC Sport, and Sky News. 'Our new relationship with the Journal Online should make our validity clear to the U.S. market,' he said.Michael Henry, vice president of sales and strategy at the Wall Street Journal Online, said that signing up more subscribers wasn't a main reason for the move. 'Yes, we hope the service generates a subscription or two, and yes, we welcome the extra bit of revenue it will generate,' said Henry, 'but we're providing a great service first and foremost, and users are going to appreciate that.'Desktop News Alerts offer three channels for users to choose from: News Alerts, which provide major business and world news; Tech Alerts, which provide major breaking news in the technology sector; and Markets Alerts, which provide major financial-market and trading news. Users have the option to shut off or 'snooze' the alert if they don't want to be interrupted at any given time.Is this the first of many free services the Online Journal is planning to offer? Not any time soon, Henry assured. 'Our continued goal is to offer the best editorial coverage possible at a fair price.'Users can download Desktop News Alerts from the Online Journal's Web site at http://www.wsj.com/alerts." 
posted by Tracy @ 8:59 AM  0 comments   
Thursday, March 10, 2005
Real Beer News Monthly  
America's craft brewers sold 7% more beer in 2004 versus 2003, making craftbeer the fastest growing segment of the US beverage alcohol industry. The craft beer segment includes more than 1,400 breweries that produce primarily all-malt beers. It includes brewpubs (brewery/restaurant),microbreweries (less than 15,000 barrels per year) and specialty brewers. Craft beer sales increased faster than imports for the second year in a row.[Make sure you don't use plastic cups on Oktoberfest.] Here in Bavaria, beer is a cultural treasure. When we sit together and chink glasses, the sound is like our church bells, a symbol of harmony and good cheer.Scientists at University College Cork in Ireland have brewed an Atkins-friendly stout that has 60% fewer carbohydrates and a quarter fewer calories than regular stout. The inventors claim the lighter pint, to be presented at a food industry showcase next month, has the same consistency, taste and texture as its full-bodied equivalent. Modifications to the brewing process cut the carbs. Normal stout has about 2grams of carbohydrate and contains 32 calories per 100ml (3.3 ounces) while the new version has 0.6 grams of carbs and 24 calories per 100ml.Molson Coors Brewing Co. will close its Memphis plant beginning later this year, cutting about 410 jobs by the time the doors are shut in early 2007. Trying to save $175 million. 
posted by Tracy @ 4:30 PM  0 comments   
Potty training website  
http://www.pottytrainingconcepts.com/potty-training-pants/Potty_Training_Pants.htmI don't know if you have been here yet, but thought it might be worth looking around.... 
posted by Tracy @ 9:18 AM  0 comments   
Wednesday, March 09, 2005
Advertising Spokespeople  
FOR ATHLETES, EXPOSURE IS ALL IN THE GAMENEW YORK — Tiger Woods and Serena Williams are the most sought after male and female athlete spokespersons by professionals in the public relations and marketing industries, according to a recent survey conducted by Alan Taylor Communications, Inc., New York, a leading lifestyle and sports public relations firm. It was the second consecutive year Woods and Williams topped the list. Public relations and marketing executives from various sports leagues and leading companies were asked to select which athletes would best represent their company if they were launching a new product or service in 2005. Woods received 23% of the vote among male spokespersons. Lance Armstrong finished second (18%) and Dale Earnhardt Jr. was third (9%). Williams received 18% of among woman athletes, ahead of Annika Sorenstam (16%) and Maria Sharapova (15%). For the first time in this survey, executives were asked to identify which athlete, male or female, they would enlist to reach the burgeoning Hispanic demographic. Two athletes, Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees and boxer Oscar de la Hoya, were ahead of the rest, taking 25% and 20% of the vote, respectively. The survey also asked which athletes were overexposed and underexposed. Tiger Woods and Kobe Bryant tied for the top spot in the former category (followed by Bryant's former teammate and “sparring” partner, Shaquille O'Neal), while Tom Brady was selected as the most underexposed athlete despite quarterbacking the New England Patriots to the team's Super Bowl win in four years. “In the fragmented and increasingly diversified world of sports marketing identifying spokespeople who will resonate with the public is essential,” Tony Signore, CEO of ATC, said in a statement. “In a quickly changing landscape it is essential for marketers to have an understanding of not only who is hot now, but how they can effectively leverage an athlete spokesperson for a maximum return on their investment.” ATC Survey ResultsMost Marketable Athlete: MaleTiger Woods (23%), Lance Armstrong (18%), Dale Earnhardt Jr. (9%), Peyton Manning (8%), LeBron James (5%)Most Marketable Athlete: FemaleSerena Williams (18%), Annika Sorenstam (16%), Maria Sharapova (15%), Jennie Finch (9%), Michelle Kwan (8%)Most Marketable Athlete: Hispanic Alex Rodriguez (25%), Oscar de la Hoya (20%), Albert Pujols (9%), Tony Gonzales (7%), Sammy Sosa (7%)Most Overexposed Athlete Tiger Woods (16%), Kobe Bryant (16%), Shaquille O'Neal (14%), Barry Bonds (8%), Lance Armstrong (5%)Most Underexposed AthleteTom Brady (11%), Lance Armstrong (7%), Freddie Adu (7%), Bode Miller (7%), Tim Duncan (4%), Kerri Walsh (4%) Ichiro Suzuki (4%), Andy Roddick (4%) 
posted by Tracy @ 11:49 AM  0 comments   
The New York Times > Sports > College Basketball > Bill Would Ask N.C.A.A. to Forgo Alcohol Ads  
Bill Would Ask N.C.A.A. to Forgo Alcohol AdsBy THE NEW YORK TIMES Published: March 9, 2005A resolution asking the National Collegiate Athletic Association to end alcohol advertising on radio and television broadcasts during college athletic events will be introduced today in the House of Representatives.Representative Tom Osborne, Republican of Nebraska, the former football coach at the University of Nebraska, is the author of the resolution. He introduced a similar one last year, but it never came to a vote.This year's resolution comes with the N.C.A.A. men's basketball tournament set to begin on March 15.The four-page resolution said alcohol producers spent $52 million on radio and television advertising for college sports in 2003, including $21 million for the N.C.A.A. tournament.That was down from 2002, when $58 million was spent on alcohol advertising on radio and television, including $27 million in the tournament, the resolution said.The resolution points to a 2002 study by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism that says two in five college students are binge drinkers, 1,400 college students die each year of alcohol-related injuries and more than 70,000 college students are victims of alcohol-related sexual assault. The resolution has the American Medical Association's backing.The N.C.A.A. did not return a phone call seeking a comment.Osborne is a member of the national advisory council for the Campaign for Alcohol-Free Sports TV, according to the campaign's Web site. The campaign is part of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, which calls itself an advocate for nutrition and health, food safety, alcohol policy and sound science.The Web site said that 227 N.C.A.A. institutions had committed to banning radio and television advertising for alcohol at their athletic events. 
posted by Tracy @ 11:00 AM  0 comments   
1st District chugs its way to top  
READ THROUGH - STATISTICS IN ARTICLE ARE RELEVANT1st District chugs its way to topBeer sales and jobs are an economic boon for region, ranking it No. 1 in Virginia in beer-related spending and earnings.By MICHAEL ZITZDate published: 3/8/2005Give us your farmers of malts and barleys, your can manufacturers, your brewers, your truck drivers, your wholesalers, your retailers, your bartenders.Give us your college keg parties, your thirsty Marines and sailors yearning for a beer.A new industry study shows that the 1st Congressional District, which includes most of the Fredericksburg area, spends and pockets more brew-related money than any other part of Virginia.Could this conspicuous consumption be because our part of the state is more red, white and blue-collar American than others? Have the heavily populated, highly educated and affluent counties in Northern Virginia lost ground by sipping too much chardonnay?'Up north you would have more wine drinkers, I would think,' said John Goolrick, a Fredericksburg aide to 1st District Rep. Jo Ann Davis.But the 1st District has a lot going for it in terms of beer business, Goolrick said.'It might be because the 1st has so many military posts and younger people who usually prefer beer,' he said.There are many colleges in the district and college students have been known to drink a beer or two, he added.The 1st District covers Fredericksburg, Fauquier, Stafford, King George, Essex counties, parts of Spotsylvania and Caroline counties and extends southeast to Williamsburg and Hampton.It also is home to the Anheuser-Busch brewery in Williamsburg, which has the capacity to produce 10 million barrels of beer a year.According to the Beer Industry Economic Impact Study by New York-based John Dunham and Associates, the nation's most populous state, California, is No. 1 in beer economics. Virginia, 12th in population, ranked 15th among the 50 states in beer business in 2004.The study was paid for and released by two lobbying groups, the Alexandria-based National Beer Wholesalers Association and the Beer Institute in Washington. Using a formula called the 'multiplier effect,' it factors in the jobs, wages and taxes created by brewers, wholesalers and retailers--even related industries such as farming and trucking--to serve up the following economic-impact numbers for the beer business:$162 billion for the entire United States. That includes nearly 1.8 million jobs paying more than $54 billion in wages. Federal, state and local tax revenues related to the beer industry were estimated at more than $30 billion.$3.78 billion in Virginia. That includes 39,532 jobs, $1.21 billion in wages and more than $721 million in federal, state and local taxes generated and paid.$646.8 million in the 1st District, including 4,322 jobs and almost $152.7 million in wages.Beer wholesalers association President David Rehr said that beyond 'providing a refreshing beverage enjoyed by 90 million adults,' the beer industry is a key player in keeping America's economy afloat. The study takes into account beer-related jobs some might not think about, such as farmers and truckers.The results come at a time when industry analysts say beer is facing an image crisis. Wine and spirits are gaining in market share due to a loss of suds' sex appeal to young consumers.But Michelle Semones, a spokeswoman for the beer wholesalers lobby in Alexandria, predicted the industry's impact will grow as it targets women.Semones said women are being attracted to new products such as Budweiser Select, a light beer that is supposed to have no bad aftertaste. Anheuser-Busch also has a new 'energy drink' beer, which combines alcohol and caffeine, that it is marketing to that all-important 21- to 35-year age group 'out at clubs and dancing, who want to be alert,' she said.'We're seeing more and more innovation aimed at new demographics,' Semones said.Jeff Fitzpatrick, who runs the Blue & Gray Brewery at Bowman Center in Spotsylvania County, said Virginia's beer business should grow if a state trend toward trying 'home-grown' local microbrews continues.That growth may be reflected by the increase in size of the St. Patrick's Day Parade Blue & Gray hosts at Bowman Center Saturday at noon. As always, there will be lots of beer sold in Fredericksburg and throughout the 1st District on March 17, which is St. Patrick's Day.But Fitzpatrick said there's nothing unusual about this area's thirst for beer.'There's a tremendous market for beer everywhere in the country, everywhere in the world.' 
posted by Tracy @ 9:05 AM  0 comments   
Stainmaster needs ad agency  
BBDO RESIGNS STAINMASTER ADVERTISING ACCOUNTCarpet Marketer Begins Search For New AgencyMarch 08, 2005By Matthew CreamerNEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- Omnicom Group's BBDO Worldwide, New York, has resigned the ad account for carpet brand Stainmaster, which the agency helped launch nearly 20 years ago.Stainmaster has opened a review for its advertising account.'No longer a viable match' In a statement issued today, BBDO's chief operating officer, Jeff Mordos, said, 'It has become clear that current management is seeking a level of service that is more consistent with its own economic realities. As such, we have determined it is no longer a viable match for us.' The statement continued, a bit more warmly, 'We wish them every success.''Since last year, BBDO has been prepared and has held off on resigning the account in order to give management a chance to find someone else to handle the work,' Mr. Mordos told AdAge.com.A Stainmaster spokesperson could not be reached immediately for comment.Meanwhile, Stainmaster's review is ongoing. Among the agencies chasing the estimated $10 million account are independents Richards Group, Dallas, and Doner, Detroit; Interpublic Group of Cos.' Martin Agency, Richmond, Va.; and Omnicom's GSD&M, Austin, Texas, and Martin/Williams, Minneapolis.The agencies either declined comment or referred calls to the client.Once a $40 million brand As the BBDO statement suggests, Stainmaster's marketing budget has diminished recently. In the years following its launch in 1986, the brand was spending close to $40 million a year on advertising, according to executives familiar with the matter and TNS Media Intelligence, which tracks measured media spending. Last year, spending was roughly a quarter of that.Stainmaster is owned by Invista, formerly Dupont Textiles and Interiors. Last April, Dupont sold Invista, which also makes Teflon and Lycra, to Koch Industries for more than $4 billion in cash.Recent spots featured a Stainmaster carpet standing up to a variety of messes with the tagline 'Nothing takes a beating like a beautiful Stainmaster carpet.' 
posted by Tracy @ 8:50 AM  0 comments   
AD SPENDING ROSE 9.8% FOR 2004, TNS REPORTS  
AD SPENDING ROSE 9.8% FOR 2004, TNS REPORTSInternet Shows Largest Gain, Up 21.4%March 08, 2005By Bradley JohnsonNEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- U.S. ad spending rose 9.8% to $141.1 billion from $128.5 billion in 2003, TNS Media Intelligence reported today.The media-spending tracking service showed gains for every medium but one. The exception: national spot radio, down 0.7% to $2.6 billion. The surging Internet showed the biggest gain, up 21.4% to $7.4 billion. Outdoor advertising had a strong 20.1% increase to $3.2 billion.Syndicated TV In TV, national syndication had the biggest gain (15.8% to $3.9 billion), followed by cable (up 13.8% to $14.2 billion), spot TV (up 11.7% to $17.3 billion) and broadcast network TV (up 10.7% to $22.5 billion).Consumer magazines showed a robust 11.2% increase in measured spending to $21.3 billion. Newspaper gains were smaller, reflecting the challenges newspapers have to grow advertising and hold onto their circulation. Local newspapers, the single-largest ad medium with $24.6 billion in estimated ad spending, saw a 6.7% increase; national newspapers had a similar gain (6.6%) to $3.3 billion.Hispanic media rose 4.7% to $3.9 billion, TNS reported. TNS's Hispanic sector includes Hispanic TV, magazines and newspapers.P&G, GM remain biggest spenders Procter & Gamble Co. continued as the top U.S. advertiser in 2004, increasing measured spending 7.4% to $2.9 billion. General Motors Corp. was No. 2, boosting measured media by 17.5% to $2.8 billion. The top 10 U.S. advertisers increased spending last year by 9.7%, tracking with the gain in overall advertising. TNS said the 10 largest advertisers accounted for 13.6% of U.S. ad spending in 2004.'Advertising spending expanded steadily throughout 2004 and has now grown at a faster rate than the general economy in nine of the last 10 quarters,' Steven J. Fredericks, president-CEO of TNS Media Intelligence, said in a statement. 'Gains were seen in almost all forms of media. These increases were not exclusively attributed to the Summer Olympic[s] and the presidential election, nor confined to TV media, the form that most benefited from these two events.”Continuing recovery The gains continued a recovery in U.S. ad spending that began in May 2002.TNS's full-year gain came in well above that of a rival media tracking service, VNU’s Nielsen Monitor-Plus. Nielsen last week said 2004 U.S. ad spending rose 6.3%. Measured media figures aren't the same as media revenue. TNS estimates figures using rate cards, and advertisers often pay a discount off the rate card.For example, TNS estimated 2004 broadcast network ad revenue at $22.5 billion. Actual ad revenue reported by the top three networks -- ABC, CBS, NBC -- to a trade group, Broadcast Cable Financial Management Association, was only $11.7 billion.But TNS percent changes offer a perspective on how different media types are performing. TNS, as noted, said broadcast networks had a 10.7% gain last year; that tracked closely with the actual 12.1% revenue increase for the top three networks as reported by BCFM. 
posted by Tracy @ 8:48 AM  0 comments   
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
IFT 2/26/05  
Cornelius Seed ran an ad in the paper using the same brown color that the Soybean Rust ads have been using. By luck or accident it ran full page next to the 1/3 page ad for the rust. Catchy ad besides color though - WANTED! (lists 9 hybrids) There are about 200 or so reasons each of these Cornelius Hybrids is wanted on corn-on-corn acres. First reason? they were bred for that purpose.....the other 195...or so ...reasons? They're called bushels.Variant western corn rootworm moves into Eastern Iowa. The June flooding of 2004 is probably why there was a control on rootworms in Iowa.A lot of focus still for this year is the Rust for soybean growers in advertising and articles through out the paper. Corn has taken a way back seat in both advertising and articles. The corn mentions besides those I have given today are all on the increase in Ethanol production (IA being #1). New the last two weeks has been the agravation the farmers are having over backing Bush in the elections and now him taking major cuts to their budget. 
posted by Tracy @ 3:47 PM  0 comments   
IFT 3/5/05  
Temperature sensitive polymer coating - Intellicoat Early Plant - was developed by Landec Ag in Monticello, Ind. The coating delays emergence and lengthens the planting window. It also helps to achieve more uniform standards. The coating becomes permeable and germination begins when the soil reaches 55 degrees. Since corn hybrids can start germinating when soils reach 48 to 50 degrees, you can control germination up to 55 degrees and growth would start at the same time.Survey results show timely planting is a pervasive problem for corn growers regardless of operation size or planter size. Landec markets the Intellicoat Early Plant Coating through seed companies.Pioneer HiBred International Inc plans to invest almost $1 million to expand its seed corn processing plant in Mount Pleasant IA. They want to expand the warehouse by the end of the year and purchase equipment all totaling $1 million. they have nine plants total in IA. 
posted by Tracy @ 2:59 PM  0 comments   
IAN 3/4/05  
Eye Catching Ad - LUMAX has new ad out - catchy dark turquoise color stripe on bottom half and top half is black stripe. First page you see "35% of Americans cite reading as their favorite leisure activity." in black stripe and then "Book sales fell 10%". The next page you turn to the ad is similar in look but says: "40% of Americans feel safer in an SUV." "SUV's account for 19% more crashes than passenger cars.". Finally the third page (center page is a 10Lx7 3/4W rectangle half black and half turquoise) says: "Monsanto claims its Roundup Ready Corn 2 System outyields others 73% of the time." "LUMAX beat WeatherMax in Roundup Ready corn 74% of the time. Makes you wonder whose numbers add up. Ours do......"Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc has added 16 new hybrid families for 2005. They have combined these base genetics with insect and herbicide-resistance traits to make it 40 new corn hybrids. Their grand total for 2005 is 290 products in North America.Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc can view account information and electronically sign important papers by logging on to the Pioneer GrowingPoint World Wide Website (www.pioneer.com/growingpoint)FarmAssist Website introduces online learning center (www.learn.farmassist.com). Developed by American Society of Agronomy's Certified Crop Advisor program and Syngenta Crop Protection.University Research continues to show severe yield loss resulting from early-season weed competition.American Seeds Inc. (Monsanto holding company) and its operating subsidiary, Channel Bio Corp., announced that NC+Hybrids Inc. agreed to join the ASI team of strong brands providing a further opportunity to bring growers new technology in the brands they prefer. NC+Hybrids has been one of the most successful seed companies in Nebraska and a respected seed source for the Western Corn Belt. They will remain a distinct operating subsidiary of Channel and run as an independent brand. ASI was formed by Monsanto last fall as a new business model to serve farmers through regional, customer-focused companies. They are the vehicle for Monsanto in making equity investments in regional seed businesses.Study identifies 50 genes controlling corn oil content...High oil content Corn is in high demand especially when sold for animal feed. Study done in conjunction with Monsanto. 
posted by Tracy @ 2:40 PM  0 comments   
Liquor Industry Takes Wraps Off Its Review Board  
Liquor Industry Takes Wraps Off Its Review BoardBy STUART ELLIOTT Published: March 8, 2005THE trade organization for the liquor industry is for the first time offering the public a look behind the scenes at how it handles complaints about advertising, like the one for a vodka that declared, 'Remember: Tonight is only a success if it ends with breakfast.'The organization, known as the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States, plans to release today a report reviewing the rulings made by its code review board in the last year. Under what the council calls its code of responsible practices, the board is charged, as part of a self-regulatory process, with reviewing and ruling on criticism of the content of liquor ads.A major goal of the council in ending its secrecy is to demonstrate that self-regulation works - the better to forestall intervention by outside regulators like the Federal Trade Commission. In responding to its critics, the commission has called on liquor marketers in recent years to sharpen their scrutiny of ads to avoid appeals to anyone under the legal drinking age.Although the board has been making such decisions for decades, the council had not previously shared information with anyone other than the complainants and their targets. Now, the decisions will be available in printed form as well as online (at www.distilledspirits.org).'We want the public, and public officials, to know we're serious about adding greater transparency to the process,' Peter H. Cressy, the president and chief executive of the council, said in an interview yesterday in Midtown Manhattan. Mr. Cressy, who is based in Washington, offered a preview of the report in briefings with reporters.The report, covering the period from Jan. 1 through Dec. 31, 2004, reviews the results of 15 complaints against liquor ads for brands that are both familiar, like Belvedere vodka, Hennessy Cognac and Patrón tequila, and less well-known, like Navan Cognac, Players Extreme vodka and Sex vodka.The council plans to release such reports twice a year from now on, Mr. Cressy said.Several complaints were about elements the critics deemed too sexually suggestive, like the vodka ad for a brand called Three Olives Cherry. The release of the report is indicative of the additional measures that liquor marketers are taking voluntarily to address growing criticism. Complaints have been mounting that ads for gin, vodka, Scotch, rum and other distilled spirits are all too often trying to appeal to underage drinkers or deliberately using provocative imagery to generate attention through shock value.Some of the most outspoken critics of those sales tactics offered praise for the council's decision to share the report with the public, tempered with cautionary words.Releasing the report 'is a welcome step,' said Jim O'Hara, executive director at the Center on Alcohol Marketing and Youth at Georgetown University in Washington, which monitors the liquor industry's marketing practices.'At the same time,' Mr. O'Hara said in a telephone interview yesterday, 'more needs to be done, and can be done, by the alcohol beverage industry to reduce exposure to underage youth,' adding that he hopes the council 'will be a leader in such efforts.'Mr. O'Hara's counterpart at the Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation in Calverton, Md., Robert I. Reynolds, echoed that assessment.The council 'is to be congratulated for recognizing the need for public disclosure of its process for handling complaints,' Mr. Reynolds said in a statement, because it 'contributes to building public trust in the integrity of alcohol industry self-regulation.'Still, Mr. Reynolds said, he would welcome 'additional proactive steps' by the council to 'help encourage expanded public participation in the complaint process.'There is a precedent for the self-regulatory approach. The advertising industry was able to avoid further federal regulation in the 1970's when organizations like the American Association of Advertising Agencies and the Association of National Advertisers began self-regulation - which continues to this day - under the aegis of the national advertising division of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.One goal has been 'to minimize the need for government involvement in the advertising business,' said James R. Guthrie, president and chief executive of the National Advertising Review Council in New York, and another is to 'increase public trust in advertising by maintaining credibility, truth and accuracy.'Mr. Guthrie also praised the release of the report as 'doing the right thing.' The ad review council has published the results of its rulings since it began in 1971, he said.The new report will describe the complaints and the dispositions in detail. For example, the ad for Three Olives Cherry vodka, sold by White Rock Distilleries, showed a sultry woman half-dressed in a cowboy outfit, above text that included lines like "It's Friday night. Time to light the fuse," in addition to the "ends with breakfast" advice.The complaint charged that the ad violated what the council calls its code of responsible practices for beverage alcohol advertising and marketing, which includes provisions against ads that "rely upon sexual prowess or sexual success as a selling point for the brand." After White Rock received a letter from the board about the complaint, the report said, the ad was immediately discontinued.Another complaint described in the report was about an ad for Jägermeister liqueur, sold by the Sidney Frank Importing Company, which showed the words "Ride this" and a shot glass superimposed between the legs of a model dressed in denim and black leather.The complaint charged that the ad violated the code's provisions calling for "good taste" as well as provisions against depicting "overt sexual activity." After the board ruled that the ad violated the code, the report said, the company withdrew the ad, even though it said it believed that the ad was appropriate.Several complaints were about ads for liquor brands that appeared in Vibe magazine, which has many readers under the legal drinking age of 21. In the fall of 2003, the council tightened provisions of the code to call on members to advertise only in magazines with at least 70 percent of readership age 21 and older; the code previously required a readership of 51 percent age 21 and older.Since the complaints were filed, the report said, Vibe has introduced a subscriber edition that is sent to a readership exceeding the 70 percent figure. Carol Watson, the publisher of Vibe in New York, confirmed that yesterday. She described the edition, which goes to about 460,000 of the magazine's 723,000 subscribers, as having a readership that is 92 percent age 21 and older.Asked if Vibe expected to be the subject of any more complaints, Ms. Watson said, laughing, "I sure hope not." Vibe is published by Vibe/Spin Ventures, part of the Miller Publishing Group. 
posted by Tracy @ 11:10 AM  0 comments   
GNX and Kimberly-Clark  
GNX and Kimberly-Clark Announce Successful CPFR Interoperability Pilot Between Metro and Kimberly-Clark on Collaborative Promotions Management Seamless system interoperability achieved using global XML standards SAN FRANCISCO, March 7 /PRNewswire/ -- GlobalNetXchange (GNX), the e-business solution and service provider connecting retailers and manufacturers worldwide, today announced that Kimberly-Clark and Metro Group have completed a successful CPFR interoperability program. To enable joint promotionsmanagement processes using two different systems, GNX developed an XML connection and automated data feeds that allow the GNX Supply Chain Collaboration application to talk directly to Kimberly-Clark's collaboration system. In the new process, Metro's promotional event and forecast data is loaded in Kimberly-Clark's collaboration tool. The Retail Event Message, which contains all necessary information about the promotion, (start date, end date, theme, promoted products, as well as a promotional sales forecast for each individual product) is exchanged on a weekly basis via XML and AS2. Metro's promotion information can then be used for data synchronization, and could in the future also be fed directly into Kimberly-Clark's upstream supply chain processes like inventory management, demand planning and production planning.The process enables Kimberly-Clark to use its internal applications to the maximum degree possible, leveraging its technology investments and simplifying collaboration projects for Kimberly-Clark's users. This system interoperability is achieved using global XML standards that will be adopted for collaboration initiatives with other Kimberly-Clark customers. 'Kimberly-Clark believes that in every collaborative situation, each trading partner should have the option to use their own systems. Standardised interoperability of these systems lowers collaboration costs and supports scalability. It also allows all parties maximum flexibility in integrating forecasting revisions into their planning and executional system,' states Elke Hendrix, Consumer Supply Chain E-commerce Manager of Kimberly-Clark Europe. Says Axel Hopp, Head of Corporate Information Management for Metro Group, 'This pilot has proven that investments made by manufacturers into their own collaborative supply chain solutions do not represent a burden to collaborating with their retailer customers that are using platforms like GNX. The ability to easily connect a retailer and manufacturer's system platforms to enable 'closed circuit collaboration' is finally a reality. Implementing this platform interoperability also proves that the global GCI-XML standards are the enablers that they were designed to be.' 'With this successful pilot, GNX has proven that system interoperability is real, it works, and should no longer be a barrier to collaboration between retailers and manufacturers,' comments Joe Laughlin, CEO of GNX. About GNX GNX is an e-business solution and service provider for the global retail industry. GNX solutions connect retailers, manufacturers and their trading partners to reduce costs and improve efficiency by streamlining and automating sourcing and supply chain processes. With a hosted platform, comprehensivecustomer support and deep retail experience, GNX simplifies the implementation process -- and makes technology investments go further. GNX customers include many of the world's largest retailers and manufacturers: Federated Department Stores; Carrefour; Coles Myer; KarstadtQuelle AG; The Kroger Co.; Metro Group; Pinault-Printemps-Redoute SA; Ace Hardware; J Sainsbury plc; Sears, Roebuck and Co.; Marks & Spencer; Sears Canada; Canadian Tire; Panasonic; Diageo; Unilever; Colgate-Palmolive; Procter & Gamble; SCA Hygiene; Coca-Cola;Masterfoods; Sara Lee; Henkel; Johnson & Johnson; and Kimberly-Clark. Based in San Francisco, California, GNX also has offices in Herndon, Virginia, the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan. More information is available athttp://www.gnx.com or 1(415) 399-0990. CONTACT: Melissa Gisler GlobalNetXchange 415.283.3804 or mgisler@gnx.com 
posted by Tracy @ 8:41 AM  0 comments   
Monday, March 07, 2005
Proposal Insight from captureplanning.com  
Winning When You Don't Know the CustomerThe best way to win proposals is to know the customer. All the best practices say so. Unfortunately, sometimes it makes sense to bid, even if you don't know the customer. When you find yourself in this circumstance, the best practices won't help.The first thing you should do is to make a heroic effort to get the information you should have about the customer. We've written plenty about doing that elsewhere. But it's not enough to say 'do the best you can' and then proceed like usual. You need to follow different bid strategies when you don't know the customer.When you know the customer, the focus in your proposal should be on them and not on you:How your offering will benefit themHow you will help them meet their goalsThis is the best approach when you are trying to persuade someone that they should select you out of their own self-interest. But when you don't know the customer, you can't take the same approach. If you try, you risk getting it wrong and alienating the customer instead of persuading them.When you don't know the customer, you have to base your proposal on the value of your offering. You can, and should, still talk about the benefits of your offering. But it has to be in the context of how your other customers benefit from it. You should load the proposal up with as many case studies and examples as you possibly can that demonstrate how others have benefited from your offering. Instead of talking directly to the person reading your proposal, you have to talk in terms of a typical customer. Examples are important to help the reader see how it could apply to them.Even though you can't focus on the goals and mission of this particular customer, you can talk about how your offering has increased the capabilities of your other customers to fulfill their goals and missions. Even if you look up something on the Internet that says what the customer's mission is, you don't know the internal politics of the customer well enough to talk about them. So keep the focus on your offering and its value proposition.To win you will need to turn your outsider status to your advantage. You can bring fresh insight, approaches, and technology to the customer. You can recognize the customer as the leader and enhance their flexibility and decision making capabilities. You bring options. While you are the expert in your offering, let them be the expert in their mission. Offer to enable and support them. You can't take or lead them into the future, but you can increase their capabilities, improve their efficiency, and help them make well-informed decisions.If you are competing against someone who knows the customer, they will be saying how they are low risk, offer instant start-up without disruption, and can better support the customer because of the depth of their expertise. So make sure you demonstrate how you will mitigate the risks, prove that you can start quickly without disruption, and offer to hire any incumbent staffing to retain their customer knowledge. But give the customer a choice. The status-quo incumbent or your fresh capabilities. This and price are the primary reasons that people choose to go with someone new when selecting a vendor.If they like and trust the incumbent, you will probably lose anyway. But if they are willing to stray, you need to give them a reason to select you. Your proposal has to give that reason to them. So make your proposal all about your value proposition, and make your value proposition add up to a compelling reason for them to want you. 
posted by Tracy @ 4:17 PM  0 comments   
Intel Awarded To McCann WorldGroup  
Intel Eyes McCann WorldGroup for $300 Mil. AccountLOS ANGELES Intel is poised to award its $300 million global creative and media business to Interpublic Group's McCann WorldGroup, sources said. The agency prevailed over a WPP Group team led by Berlin Cameron/Red Cell and an Omnicom Group team headed by DDB.Client and agency executives were not immediately available for comment. 
posted by Tracy @ 4:09 PM  0 comments   
MediaPost Publications Home of MediaDailyNews, MEDIA and OMMA Magazines  
MSN, ARF Deal Writes The Book On Branded Trade Contentby Joe Mandese, Monday, Mar 7, 2005 7:00 AM ESTIN AN UNUSUAL AD INDUSTRY promotion that can only be described as a branded content deal, MSN will incorporate its brand, its message, and some of its own research insights into a book compiling ten years of the ad industry's best research. The as-yet-unnamed book, which will be published in 2005 by LEA Inc. on behalf of the Advertising Research Foundation and researcher Wirthlin Worldwide, is part of a unique, long-term deal making MSN the official sponsor of the ARF's David Ogilvy Awards for Research Excellence (OMD March 2). The book, which is likely to influence generations of advertising research and planning, will include a foreword written by MSN and a section highlighting advertising effectiveness research conducted by MSN, including campaigns that were Ogilvy Awards finalists.The 10-year sponsorship also includes MSN brand exposure during a special Ogilvy Awards Film Festival at the ARF's annual conference, which will be held April 17-19 in New York.As part of the deal, MSN will hold a permanent seat on the David Ogilvy Scholarship Fund steering committee, and will have a say in annual Ogilvy Research studies. 
posted by Tracy @ 9:13 AM  0 comments   
HEARST TO LAUNCH WEEKLY WOMEN'S MAGAZINE  
HEARST TO LAUNCH WEEKLY WOMEN'S MAGAZINEFormer 'Rosie' Editor to Head Up New 'Quick & Simple'March 07, 2005NEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- Hearst magazines undertakes a major financial gamble this summer as it launches its first U.S. weekly, a low-cost women's service title dubbed Quick & Simple.By dint of its frequency, Quick & Simple becomes the boldest move into the low-cost women's service niche -- as well as the most expensive. An industry executive pegged the costs of such a launch as being between $40 million and $70 million.Think 'Parade''It's going to cost real money,' said Cathleen Black, president, Hearst Magazines, without commenting on specifics, but, she added 'think Parade. Think USA Weekend, the production values and the efficient printing operations of those vs. a glossy.'Descriptions by Ms. Black and other insiders place the title firmly in the vein of Time Inc.'s All You and Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S.'s For Me.Editing the project is Susan Toepfer, a veteran of Time Inc.'s People and the final editor of Gruner & Jahr USA Publishing's ill-fated Rosie. After Rosie ceased publishing, Ms. Toepfer worked on developing a U.S. version of G&J's weekly celebrity title Gala. Bernadette Healy, a former publisher of Reader's Digest and the launch publisher of Rodale's Organic Style, will be the publisher.Success of 'Women's World'The launch of Quick & Simple testifies to how magazine publishers are seeking any category for growth. The low-cost magazines produced by Bauer Publishing USA have proved a rare industry bright spot on newsstands. Each issue of its weekly Woman's World sells over 1.5 million copies on newsstands. (Woman's World retails for a mere $1.49; Ms. Black said Quick & Simple's price was not yet set but would be 'in the mass-price range.') Among a category that's seen wrenching drops in newsstand sales, Bauer's key titles in that space have maintained or even increased single-copy sales.Ms. Black said 'we expect this to be if not 100% newsstand, then 99% newsstand. It is not a subscription model.' She spoke of a 56-page magazine with only six or seven ad pages. (Ad-page rates and initial distribution have yet to be determined.)Pitfalls of weekly publishingWeekly publishing is not for the faint of heart. In 2000 Jann Wenner confidently predicted that it would take but $50 million to convert his monthly Us to weekly frequency. But in March 2001 he sold half of the magazine to Walt Disney Co. for a cash infusion of $35 million. Prior to the Disney deal, Mr. Wenner memorably reflected that 'putting out a couple million [copies] every goddamned week' sometimes means money 'pours out like a sieve.'Do advertisers need another women's title? 'A year ago I didn't think there was space for any more of the same genre. It appears that the American woman seems to be relentless in her quest for new publications that give her quick, helpful advice,' said Steve Greenberger, Zenith Media's senior vice president and director of print media, who said he hadn't yet seen Quick & Simple. 'It's a lot more insatiable than I thought.' 
posted by Tracy @ 9:03 AM  0 comments   
---------------------------------------------------------------------
nbsp;
