   
=====================================================================
alfred the ok
=====================================================================
                          BlogThis! 
alfred the ok
Not as good as 'The Great' but not as bad as 'Alfred the Crap'
Monday, March 14, 2005
The New Venture – Part 1…..The first part of Operation ‘Make Alfie a Millionaire’ - www.kerching.com is virtually done. We had a bit of a head-honchos power meet today at the Thornton’s cafeteria in the Gateway Shopping Centre, Gretna Green and tied up the remaining loose ends. The mocha flowed, biccies dunked and the serviettes scribbled on.Just a touch of data basing left to finish off – then all we have to do is upload, sit back and let the cash roll in. The rollout was agreed, we intend to ‘go live’ a week today…Monday – www.kerching.com goes live.Tuesday – www.kerching.com crashes due to punter overload.Wednesday – Site back up – cash mountain forming in AlfieCorp offices.Thursday - Alfie orders a big Merc’, a big yacht and a big sticky bun with double dollop of double cream to celebrate.Friday – www.kerching.com floats………. The meeting over, we drove back from Scotland ……Speeding down the M6, we entered the county palatine of Lancashire. I knew we had, because one of those brown roadside signs told me so. Someone with a bit of imagination – (and with last Friday’s events in mind) had done a bit of a makeover on the sign text. What was once an ‘R’ had been replaced with an ‘N’ stuck on top of it………Welcome to Lancashire – the Red Nose County.    # posted by alfie @ 6:48 PM   (1) comments          
Friday, March 11, 2005
God save me......Blimey O’Reilly. Is it 30 all, deuce, advantage to them or set point to me? It’s been going on so long, I’ve lost count. I just feel like I’m banging my head against a brick wall. Maybe I should start praying to St Jude - the patron saint for lost causes.Alfie the little terrier is almost as sick as a parrot as he struggles to get any official answer from the blue blazer brigade at The Football Association. Whenever he tries to get them to talk – he gets blanked. They say sweet FA about anything.When did the footy vendetta start? About three years ago actually. A well meaning, but utterly ignorant TV commentator fanned Alfie’s glowing embers of irritation. Yes, Ron Cliché, ace TV anchor and interviewer of all things vegetable, summed up the scene. Becksy, StevieGeezie, Colesy, Scholesee, Riozee and the rest of the England footy team are all lined up on a corner of a far off foreign field. The opposition are belting out their own National Anthem, they are full of pride. Great gobs of glottal, are supersonically expressed to atmosphere as the high notes are hit – and the pride gets passionate.Ron Cliché, chimes in. "Well, looks like the England boys are really going to show what real passion is all about as they proudly sing ‘God Save the Queen’ – the English National Anthem"…..The cat got kicked.The dinner got chucked.The computer got plugged in.I bang off an email to ron.cliché@rubbishtv.com…I’m half way through, and then - I bin it. It’s not really Ron’s fault is it?As far as he’s concerned, ‘God Save the Queen’ is the English National Anthem, because it’s always played before an English team event of virtually any sport you care to mention.But why? It’s not England’s national anthem – it’s Great Britain’s. England doesn’t have one - but it should. I felt a new cause coming on.Better to target the blue blazers of the FA – to start off with.My first email to FA HQ was fairly polite. So was the second.By the time the sixth one was banged off, Alfie was losing his mind/marbles/mental faculties. All ignored. Consigned to the virtual bin labelled ‘Pain in the Bum, Barmpot’…..Since then, every now and then, I have another go, renew the campaign to get the GStheQ CD chucked in the bin. A few weeks ago I thought, ‘bugger it, time to be a pain in the arse again’. Alfie is no longer playing with a straight bat. Alfie’s going to start diving in the area at the slightest of touches and writhing around like he’s just been shot with a sniper’s rifle. Alfie has declared war on the FA. I log onto www.thefa.com Oooooooohhh. The FA has gone all ‘customer luvee’. It’s all down to customer focus, in a customer-is-kingy kind of way. They’ve even got a hotline straight though to the grandly titled Customer Relations Unit on 0845 458 1966. I ring. Customer luvee interactivity hits the rocks. Because I’m not asking about David Beckham’s latest hair style, they cannot help me – but promise to get someone to email me…. No one does.I trawl through the web site. The slick graphics seduce and mesmerise. David Beckham smiles at me from his virtual footy field, with his virtually footy foot resting on a virtual footy ball …… Is he saying "Look Alfie, don’t rock the boat, get behind the boys, none of them know the words anyway….. God Save the Queen – good. Fat old grumpy sod – bad, innit".Becks gets deleted, I’ve no time for someone who names his kids Brooklyn, Romeo and Crud…….. I mean, isn’t Colin, Trevor and Cyril good enough then?……. The current campaign is now a month old. It’s a two pronged attack, an email/phone strategy, every single day.I’ve (rather helpfully I think) suggested some ready made English National Anthems that could be used. ‘I vow to thee my Country’, Jerusalem, etc, etc …… I’ve even volunteered to nip down to HMV to buy a few new cds as I understand the FA are a bit strapped for cash at the moment. The trouble is that Jason, Steph, Tina and all the other luvees down at the ‘Customer Relations Unit’ do not want to know……Just a warning to you, The FA. Don’t think you can get away with it…..After all, it ain’t over till the fat lady sings (something else)….    # posted by alfie @ 11:35 AM   (6) comments          
Wednesday, March 09, 2005
A new word for my lexicon…..And that word is ‘Astrakhan’…That’s a nice word.Sounds good.Interesting – in a mysterious kind of way.Sort of ‘exotic far eastern’But what could ‘Astrakhan’ mean?Well, for all you fashionistas out there,Astrakhan is a type of highly prized pelt,It’s very fine, very smooth – like crushed velvet.It’s worn by slinky 7 foot tall, pencil thin models.Gurus of the fashion world, with their balding heads,Tied back greying pony tails, fawning underlings, thick black dark glasses and kissy-kissy greetings, insist that Astrakhan is a must have for their clients.Victoria Beckham, Madonna, J-Lo, Colleen McCollough and every other new money chav will surely rejoice.The Silver Fox and Coyote skin-mix body warmers were looking just a bit passé, just a bit ‘last week’, just a bit worn in…..And anyway, Astrakhan goes a lot better with neon yellow chav jump suits, and Rabbit-skin moon boots. It sets off designer shopping bags a treat.And is worn by people who know the price of stuff,But not the cost.So just what is this wonder stuff called Astrakhan?How is it so soft to the touch – so fine, so smooth?Well Astrakhan is a sort of brand name for ‘Lambs foetus skin’Astrakhan farmers, cut the throats of pregnant sheep, slit open their wombs and pull out the soon-to-be born living lamb.And skin it.Voila – Astrakhan!Astrakhan – Farmed by butchers, fashioned by cretins, worn by morons, funded by a craven celeb’ culture.    # posted by alfie @ 2:35 PM   (4) comments          
Tuesday, March 08, 2005
It’s an age thing…..Well.I’ve started writing ‘it’‘The list’…..Everyone in my age group starts one.It goes with the mid life territory – Stop worrying about the testicles – start worrying about the prostate. Stop worrying about the pension – it’s too late now anyway. Realise some equity in the house and get a buy-to-let property. Start ironing your jeans, so you get a really sharp crease down each leg…..And -Compile the list of 100 things to do before you die.(Well, 50 things just ain’t enough is it?)I was sort of inspired to make one whilst having a pleasant evening meal with a couple of pals recently. They’re married, he’s retired, she’s coming up to it and they’ve already on the second page of their listo-rama."Great, you’ve started your list, what’s number one then?"They look ‘knowingly’ at each other. They’re smug. They know something that I don’t – but I want to find out. And they know it.They couldn’t possibly tell me.I go a bit teutonic. "Vot isss ze secret? You vill tell me vot your number von isssssGestapo 1 – Pensioner 0. He cracks. He folds. He blabs. He’s singing like Dame Nellie Melba competing on ‘Popstars, The Rivals’…."Go to an auction"…..Blimey, living fast and dangerous there then.Not very Rock and Roll is it? – More Val Doonican in a nice cardy, on a finely honed rocking chair…Driving back home, I resolve to start my list – and to be just a little more radical than ‘going to an auction’.I muse.OK, my number 1 would have to be pretty damn memorable. Something amazing. Something I’ve always wanted to do. Something so damn good that everyone I tell will think "God, I wish I’d thought of that"….I look for some inspiration. If he were still alive, what would Sid Vicious have on his list? Regrets-a, he’d have a fer-yew, but then againa, too fer-yew ta mention-er…..Hmmmmm.I’ve got to be practical.The list – will be my very own Magna Carta.My declaration of independence to greater fulfilment. My very own rights of passage to a more action packed life - before I pop me clogs.I’ll need to display it in a really conspicuous place, so all my friends can read it and drool. The kitchen, I think, will be a good place to display my huge list – maybe on the fridge?Got it! My number 1 resolution on the list ….. Buy a really strong fridge magnet and some radically stout paper.    # posted by alfie @ 10:51 AM   (4) comments          
Friday, March 04, 2005
‘N’ is for ……..‘Nottinghamshire’ apparently.Except when you’ve got a cold – and then it’s ‘D’ for Dottinghamshire.The hip, go-getting County Council of Nottinghamshire have revamped, made over and rebranded their homeland. Robin Hood has been outlawed – he’s old hat. Apparently, they reckon they’re going to rival Barcelona and Dublin in the weekend break market. Cool café culture comes to the murky banks of the River Trent. They’ve joined the current vogue for shortening everything, txt style. They’ve followed in the steps of NY, FCUK, GSOH and FSH - and gone all minimal. ‘Nottinghamshire’ was passé, old fashioned and boring. But not any more. The ‘Ottinghamshire’ part of Nottinghamshire has been slung out, chucked into the bin labelled ‘chinz’ – leaving just the cool trendy moniker of ‘N’‘N’spiring eh? What a coup by the marketeers. They say ‘N’ stands for sexy, young, vital and sophisticated. Well they would, wouldn’t they. They’ve just trousered a fee of 125 grand for the use of their creative juices. Northumbria, Northamptonshire and Norfolk are reported to be livid. They just wish they’d have thought of it first. What do I think? Utter rubbish. It’s old fashioned and crude. It’s dated - in a Seventies Kojak, flared trousers sort of way. It’s bound to fail. Cynical council tax payers are already pillorying beleaguered jobsworths for wasting their cash.Alfie has been doing a bit of creative thinking – in an attempt to calm tempers – and offer the good people of Nottinghamshire an alternative brand to the big ‘N’…..Got it!Nottinghamshire – Nott too dull there then.    # posted by alfie @ 7:12 PM   (10) comments          
Thursday, March 03, 2005
The people versus Alan Milburn…..Most politicians get right up my thrupenny bits.A select few qualify for a blindfold, a cigarette and nice white wall. And then there are the ones that defy the imagination – despots all, morally bankrupt to a man – and woman. It’s not too hard to find them - Blair, Dubbya, Thatcher, Mandelson and Prescott come to mind. There are however, quite a few knocking on the door of this ‘Club Noir Politick’ - and fifties quiff boy, Alan Milburn, geordie bosom buddy to the Rev’ Blair and no-talent ‘organiser’ of all things ‘Governmental’ is first in the queue.I really do not like this guy. A man who jacked in his Cabinet post not 18 months ago supposedly because he wanted to spend more time with his young family is back in the political maelstrom – presumably because his kids have all sufficiently grown up now they’ve reached their nearly nines.More likely Milburn has been lured back to the corridors of connivance by promises of a shed full of power and a mountain of cash by the right Royal Rev’ himself. Milburn has been awarded the ‘Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster’ and a salary-package of one hundred and thirty grand a year plus a ton of perks. Well I come from Lancashire – and I haven’t seen much of Milburn’s handiwork to justify the wad. I rang his office to find exactly what being a Chancellor of a County actually entails. The creep on the other end of the line rather condescendingly told me that Chancellors of Lancaster don’t actually do any ‘chancelling’ in Lancashire – or anywhere else for that matter. Apparently, it’s just a way of getting no-talent, brown nosed toady mates back into positions of power.Milburn’s raison d’être seems to be to get Labour returned to Governance – at the cost of a 130 grand salary courtesy of our taxes. We, the people are funding this guy for one job for the Country (whatever that is) – whilst he is doing another one for the Labour Party – full time! ’Alfie, the man in the white suit’ has decided to make this man’s life an utter misery. ‘Alfie the vengeful, make my day – I know what you’re thinking you punk’ has written a caustic letter to Sir Philip Mawer, The Commissioner for Standards at the Palace of Westminster, demanding that Milburn be forced to repay the salary drawn under a bogus job description.Sir Phil’ wrote back to me. Words to the effect ……"Dear Alfie, all aquiver with righteous indignation, I’m afraid there’s bugger all I can do for you sonny. It’s a right old stitch-up and no mistake, matey boy. You needs to take it up with his Boss – His Imperial Praetorian, Emperor Tonius Blairium-Caesar, Lord of all he invades"……..So that’s it then.Alfie’s got to go straight ‘to the top’ and do battle with ‘the dark one’.Straight to the main man, the big banana, the head-honcho, the top ‘tater, the only 'honest-john' in town….. the great Blairzebub.I just need to get some holy water, garlic and a very sharp wooden stake….    # posted by alfie @ 6:27 PM   (5) comments          
Tuesday, March 01, 2005
I’ve got a great idea….What do you think?I reckon it’s a winner – sure-fire.It hit me, just like that.A real eureka moment. Now I know how Edison, Whittle, Logie-Baird and Geoff Hurst must all have felt….Or-bloody-gasmico…..I’m confident I can trust every single one of you – and anyway, I know where you all live. So I’m willing to share this little gem. And remember, ‘envy’ is a terrible and destructive emotion..How did I think of it?I dunno, genius is a weird attribute to have I suppose.And I didn’t even know I was a genius until last night at 7:45pm….There I was, watching the adverts on the telly. "You too can build a beautiful working model of a Spitfire in 46 weekly parts"… It was one of those bloody annoying ‘build something crap, week by week' adverts. There are loads of them being advertised on the box at the moment – all useless, all naff. You get a little bit of plastic taped to a very thin mag - Build your own HMS Victory, build your own Radio-controlled car, build your own this, that and the other. By the time you’ve finished, the model has cost 10 times what it would have cost if you’d just gone to a shop and bought a finished one……… and that’s when the bolt of light hit me. I was touched, blessed by the Hallelujah man with a quiver full of idea arrows aimed straight at the creative void in my brain."Build your own house in 560,000,000 weekly parts. Part 1 at newsagents now with Brick 1 plus special bonus Brick 2 at the introductory price of £2.75p."….Brilliant eh?Like I said, envy – a terribly destructive emotion. STOP PRESS – Another brillo idea from Alfie’s think tank factory. "Build your own St James’ Bible in 2,510 weekly parts. Part 1 at newsagents now with ‘Page 1 – Genesis, in the beginning’ plus special piece of sellotape to attach it to page 2 – which you’ll get next week at the special introductory price of £2.50p……That’s the trouble with us geniuses ….. once you start……    # posted by alfie @ 7:27 PM   (7) comments     
