
=====================================================================
Honestly, I'm Sober!
=====================================================================
   
Saturday, February 12
The Reason Why This Blog May Come To An End
or: What Has Been Happening To Me Recently?Christ, where to begin? I guess the start would be the ideal place, as per usual, although where that actually lays is hard to define.Was it the day I went to university? The day I went home for Christmas in the first year? The day I decided to stay in London last summer? When I moved out here to Germany? My stay at my parents' house at the start of January? The day I wrote about that stay on this blog? The evening my Mum read that post?Or was it last Tuesday, shortly after having lunch with some friends, whilst shopping in a department store, when my phone rang?A 23-second phone call was all it took to send my life, my future, and my relationship with my family into complete and utter disarray.23 seconds. In the course of your life, it's a blink of an eye, a heartbeat, a tap of a finger.But 23 seconds can change everything. 23 seconds has changed everything. Those 23 seconds are now replayed in my head over and over again. They're going to stay with me forever, however this situation turns out.The call, you see, was from my Mum. Specifically, my upset Mum. My Mum who'd read my blog the night before, and was very, very upset by what she had read. My Mum, who, after 23 seconds of "just letting [me] know" how upset she was, hung up.Of course I rang her back.She didn't pick up, and it went through to the answerphone, where I spent 30 seconds telling her to pick up the phone. Not in an angry way, not at all, but trying to sound calm and responsive. No effect though, and certainly no answer.I decided that leaving it until a little later was the best way to go about things, so I got on with my day as best I could, with this potential (probable?) axe hanging over my head.The thing was that I couldn't exactly remember what I had written. I knew that I'd written about my stay at home, and how it wasn't exactly the best 8 days of my life, but exact phrases escaped me.They still do, to be honest. I haven't re-read that post, mainly because I never re-read what I write. A week later, and I'm still a little in the dark as to the cause of these problems.I think I know the main offence-causing passage though: the bit where Liz came over and my Mum took over the conversation. I know I vented a little in that section of text about my Mum and her habits, but I still don't think it was too harsh.And yes, I fully understand that people react to something like that differently, especially when they are the subject. If everyone reacted the same, life would be boring, less interesting.And let me tell you something, my life has certainly been interesting this past week. Maybe not hugely positive or rewarding, but interesting nonetheless.By the time it got to the early evening, I was starting to get a little angry about the whole thing. Firstly, why is my Mum reading my blog at all?She never has done, and I told both of my parents, when that Observer article came out, specifically not to read it. I did not want them going through my blog and judging me. Judging how I live my life, and asking themselves why I don't tell them what I am quite happy to tell a worldwide audience of an unknown number.I've never been one to tell my parents much, neither whilst I lived at home and since I've gone to university. I prefer confiding in friends or keeping things to myself. Yes, bottled up to some extent, but also spoken about as and when.The blog was and is just a place to document those thoughts, to get them out in the open when I felt as if I couldn't speak to anyone. I document the mundane, the day-to-day events, but I also occasionally just spill emotion onto the page. My best writing, in my opinion, is of the latter form, especially when those emotions are of the wrong end of the scale.Like now, for example. I'm down, very fucking down, and I'm writing to get these emotions out of me. I'd rather write than let it build up inside of me and then lash out at someone for something innocuous.To get back to the reason why my Mum read this blog on that night, my personal gut feeling is that my sister had something to do with it. This is an instinctive response, and I have very little evidence to support it. No doubt this will turn my sister against me, if she isn't already, but I might as well go for all 3 members of my family.My sister reads this blog, I know this. I'm not sure for how long exactly, but a good 6 months at least. She probably started when the article was published. I was back at my parents' house when it came out, remember?I have this feeling that she read what I wrote about being back at home and either dropped it into conversation with my Mum or straight out told her. Again, I repeat that I don't know this for sure, but it's what I reckon happened.My Mum has never been curious to read what I write here before, and I don't think that there would have been a sudden jolt that made her take a look without some outside assistance. Where would she know to look, for a start?My second reason for being angry is that my Mum already knew to some extent the way I felt about being at home. Certainly I hadn't come straight out to her face and said it, but the sheer fact that I went home less than anyone else I know during my first two years at uni should have made it quite clear, as should the times when I remarked on this fact, which I did relatively often.It's been put to me since by a few friends that it could have been the sheer clarity of seeing it in text which caused the upset. I'm not certain about this, but agree that it could be a factor.That was thus my mindset during the early evening: I'd gone from being shocked by it all to a little bit angry. A phrase which kept playing over and over in my mind was "Curiosity killed the cat? Yeah, well this time it's made it fucking upset!"Probably not the best frame of mind to try to ring again, but so be it.This time I got an answer: my sister picked it up. I didn't bother talking to her, instead asking (and then telling) her to pass the phone to my Mum. She was having none of it, but after nearly 45 seconds of telling me "Mum doesn't want to talk to you", she finally asked her if she wanted to talk to me.Evidently my Mum's response was "No", because the phone was hung up.That was the last contact I had with my family until Friday, when my Mum texted me. About pure business and financial matters, it transpired. At least she hadn't deleted me from her phonebook, which I guess is a start.I tried to get on with things as per usual for the remainder of the week, although there was always the problem lurking in the dark corners of my mind, influencing what I did and the way I acted.I know, for example, that I was very sombre on Tuesday night, trying to have a good time but not succeeding all that well. I'll write about what else I got up to in another post, this one is already stretching to epic in length.My next contact came on Saturday, whilst I was watching a film in my room with Jillian. My Dad rang, asked if I was alone, and, when informed that I was not, told me he'd ring back in an hour or so.We finished watching the film, Jillian left, and I was alone with my thoughts for a little while, anticipating the contents of the upcoming call. Would my Dad be equally pissed off, or would he want to discuss things?The phone call, when it came, lasted 59 seconds. No more, no less.59 seconds was all it took to basically throw me out of the family and to make it clear that I was no longer welcome in my parents' house. 59 seconds to tell me that I was not going to be a part of my parents' lives any more.I've had a lot of tellings-off from my parents in my time, a lot of threats and a lot of dire consequences warnings. This one was different.This one was utterly sincere, heartfelt and absolute. These words did not come lightly, and they arrived with a great force behind them: the force of a dagger to the heart, the force of someone who felt hurt, betrayed and unloved.Certain words and phrases from those 59 seconds have stuck with me, and had a deeper effect than others. I know that I didn't have a suitable response when my Dad asked me if I had anything to say, leading to my answer of "No, not really" which then became an absolute "No" when asked for confirmation.I remember my Dad reeling off a little list of things that were problems with me: "You obviously don't like being with us, you don't like your degree, you drink too much, you spend too much money." I want to deal with each of these issues as best I can."You obviously don't like being with us", the 'us' being my Mum and Dad.I'm trying to pick my words very carefully here, because no doubt it will lead to further recriminations down the line. This is one situation where my usual blunt honesty and stubborn, often convoluted, prose will not suffice. What I am about to write needs to be clear and contain no ambiguity.I love my parents.For all that I moan about them, whether it be to their faces, to friends or here, I still love them. Always have done, always will.And they love me back, I know they do. We've had our fallings-out, we're having one right now in fact, but things get resolved. They always do, because the love is there. Yes, I've pissed them off and hurt them more than ever this time, but we will sort it out.What I perceive to be our sticking point, however, is that we are different from each other. Perhaps in a more exact line of reasoning, I have changed, which has distanced us from each other.We have different interests, different hobbies, different social lives, different tastes in music, film and TV, different goals in life, different politics, different types of friends, different pasts, different futures, different values, different ways of living our lives.When I still lived at home, the way I led my life was still roughly governed by the fact that I lived with my parents. Yes, I had freedom and an ever-greater license to live my own life, but it was within the framework of the family.When I moved out, this changed. I had different responsibilities, a different framework to live in and be a part of. Above all, I had my independence.I've mentioned that a thousand times here, but for me it's vitally important. I live my life exactly how I want to. This isn't to say that I don't care about other people, far from it, but I struggle when placed within a controlling atmosphere, somewhere where my independence in whatever shape or form is threatened.Like going back to my parents' house, for instance. I find it very, very difficult to be there because of the way I feel I am being constrained.To be back in the family, to be told what to do a hundred times a day, to have to tell someone that you're going out, to eat when you're not hungry, these are the things I struggle with. Trivial some of them may be, but they impact on me.Of course there are numerous positives about being back home, I don't deny that. For one, seeing my family, but there are others too, some trivial, some not. My issue is that the negatives outweigh the positives, and, to mix terms of speech a little, by some distance.I know this method of explaining is correct because I enjoy my parents' company when it's on my terms. I thoroughly enjoy it when the come up to London for the day, and when they popped over to Germany for a few days around my birthday.In a fairly introspective examination of these occasions, I've been able to establish exactly why I enjoy those times a hell of a lot more than I do being at their house: they are fitting into my schedule, my life and my lifestyle.That sounds incredibly, incredibly arrogant, but that's how it is. It sounds selfish, stubborn and pig-headed. It probably is. All I can say is that that is how I like to be with my parents: on my terms.That truly is the absolute honest truth. If I could phrase it any other way, I would, but it is how it stands. I love my parents very much, but I have my own life now, and although they are a big part of me, I am a little apart from them."You don't like your degree"Regular readers will be used to my feelings on this subject, but I want to explore it a little more, for sake of completeness and to add some extra thoughts I've been having about it recently.Basically, my Dad is absolutely right on this one. I guess it does come across in my writing here.Before I started my degree, I was unsure as to whether the subject I'd chosen was the correct one. My UCAS application form (in the UK you don't apply to a uni directly, but instead apply to 6 on one form which is sent to the Universities & Colleges Admissions Service) was all over the place regarding subjects. Usually, the applicant applies to do the same degree, or at least very closely related ones, at 6 different institutions.Me? I had 4 or 5 completely different subjects at various London unis and Oxford. For those interested, Oxford rejected me after interview. I simply didn't know what I wanted to study at university, and much less what I wanted to do with my life.Forgive me for being arrogant once more, but I was good at a number of subjects, and could have carried on with any of them to degree level. Maths was always the natural flair subject, but I enjoyed German and English Literature at A-Level more.The decision taken to study law was (I think) influenced heavily by the fact that law was something entirely new, and so very different from anything I'd done before. In retrospect, English was the closest to law skills-wise, because it was also about wading through large texts, trying to pick out the decisive turns of phrase.Except that law is nowhere near as interesting as literature. It is positively boring, in fact. Unfortunately it took me the best part of 18 months to figure that out.This boredom led to slacking off, which leads to the point at which I now find myself at: actively disliking what you study.It got that way towards the end of my 2nd year in a couple of my modules, Evidence in particular, but it took coming out here to Germany for me to fully realise this fact. Maybe it's the German legal system, the style of teaching, the language difficulties, or a combination of all three, but whatever it is, I've fallen completely out of love with the concept of studying law.It can only be a matter of time before I begin to hate my studies, which will not do any good all round. Motivation will drop ever more, and I will end up with an appalling final grade, which will harm any future job prospects.Now I've known all of this for a while, but hearing that simple sentence said back to me by my Dad still hit me very fucking hard.So fucking hard, in fact, that whilst I was laying in bed that evening, mulling everything over in my head, I came to the conclusion that dropping out of uni might not be such a bad idea at all. I could find a job in London and start living a proper life again, rather than the rut I'd gotten myself into.Those thoughts and that half-plan came about in the heat of the moment, but the idea of quitting uni still appeals somewhat. It may rubber-stamp the notion that I've wasted two years of my life, but if it gives me a fresh start and makes me enjoy my non-socialising life once more, it could be worth it.I think I'll put that one on the back burner for a little while though, since I might find my enthusiasm reawakened by a particularly exhilarating module next semester or in September. Not bloody likely, but you never know."You drink too much"Hmm, how do I go about refuting this on a blog entitled 'Honestly, I'm Sober!'?I know that during December it seemed as if all I had to say was drinking stories, and that I do have a bit of a weakness for recounting tales of drunken hilarity, but I must once more claim that I don't drink all that much.Honest!I probably do have an alcoholic beverage 3 or 4 days per week, but unless it a particularly special or busy week, I only properly go out once, if at all. You all know what I mean by 'properly'. I'm talking waking up the next morning / afternoon without remembering how or when you got home. BIG nights out.I genuinely, honestly, only do that once a week, if that. I've been trying to tell my parents that for years, but they never listen to it or acknowledge it.It's my fault, I suppose. I'm so very enthusiastic about the times I do go out that it can be quite intoxicating, if you'll excuse the God-awful pun. When I haven't seen my parents in a while, and we exchange stories, I'm constantly referencing nights out, to the point where it seems like I do nothing else.Combined with any pre-judgments my parents have already made, this serves only to reinforce their belief that I drink too much. No matter how much I protest my innocence and try to explain what really goes on, it doesn't have any impact. Hence I get that kind of blunt statement from my Dad, which itself supports his beliefs."You spend too much money"Yep, this one is pretty accurate. It's not on what my parents think though.They'd have you believe that I spank up all of my money on drink and eat very poorly indeed. Again, this is supported by the undying belief that I drink too much anyway as well as an almost rabid insistence that I look as if I've lost a lot of weight.Incidentally, on that point I weighed myself before I came back out to Germany, and I'm still hovering around 11 stone in weight, the same as I have been for 4 years. That's 155 pounds to you Yanks. I'm 6' tall, and that is a completely normal weight for that height. I'm relatively fit, don't smoke, eat well, get plenty of fresh air and am in fine fettle. Sorry, that's one of those things that gets under my skin whilst at home. Trivial, but a little irritating.What I actually spend my money on is almost the complete reverse. I eat out far, far too often, usually at very cheap places like the Student Union, but occasionally at a restaurant or something. I'm not a huge fan of the kitchen in my halls this year, what with having to share four hobs and one oven with fifteen others. Logistically, it just doesn't work, so I eat out more often than not.At the Student Union, the price of eating a big, fully-featured dinner is quite comparable to the cost of buying similar ingredients, at a mere 3-4&#128;. Add the time required for preparation and clearing-up when you cook for yourself, and it becomes a very viable alternative.There are also numerous restaurants and cafes in Heidelberg, of which myself and my friends have our favourites. Recently, we've been going out to lunch a lot, but every so often (birthdays, leaving dos) we go out for dinner in the evening too.So a lot of my money goes on food. Where else? I don't buy CDs or DVDs at the moment, I don't go clothes shopping at all, I don't have an insatiable hobby which requires constant attention, I don't really spend my money on much at all.Admittedly, I did buy myself an external hard drive last week, but that was with money my Nan gave me for Christmas and my birthday. My other recent big purchases, the DVD box sets of LOTR and The Matrix (OK, but apart from them I haven't bought a DVD in over 6 months), were also with birthday money, so that can't be where the money's gone.I genuinely believe that since I've been in Heidelberg, my number one cost has been food, followed by my social life. There are a few bits and bobs here and there, but they add up to bugger all. It's all about what goes into my stomach!Back in London, there were a few more extras, both essential and non-essential. I paid a shitload of bills, for instance. I also couldn't walk past a HMV sale without stopping in and buying something. There were a lot of HMVs I had to walk past too.I've managed to cut the crap out of my purchases, but unfortunately now my food budget has jumped a lot. My overall outgoings are still a lot less than they were back home, which I am claiming as a small success.I know, however, that I need to budget a bit more. There are weeks when I seem to plough through the money, which always makes me take a step back and, to mix metaphors once more, put the brakes on.Now if only I could stay at that position, rather than accelerating forward into another round of reckless abandon with the debit card...And so I come to the end of this little (ahem) piece of introspection that was brought on by that 59-second phone call from my Dad on Saturday afternoon. It is now time to carry on telling the immortal, never-ending tale of what happened next.I was supposed to go out to dinner with a load of friends to celebrate one of us leaving, but I was too down in the dumps to face it. I laid on my bed for a few hours, thinking about the consequences of the phone call, the entire week's events and the initial blog post.I fell asleep for a little while, woke up and pissed about on the computer for a couple of hours, and then went back to bed for the night.Excuse me for being a little over-dramatic here, but there were a lot of dark thoughts floating around my head that night as I lay in bed, trying desperately to get to sleep but at the same time with my mind racing from one thing to another.I thought about dropping out of uni, I thought about getting a job in London, I thought about moving to New York and never coming back, I thought about the slightly disturbing content of a suicide note that I would potentially write ("I never meant to hurt anyone", for any psychoanalysts out there), I thought about how I could actually blog the suicide note, and then leave my Blogger.com login details on a piece of paper for my parents to write the last ever post here, I thought about a lot of stuff, all dark and all quite worrying in the cold light of day.It is now the early hours of Thursday morning, I'm on a train, coming back to Heidelberg from Belgium (explain later), and I've been writing this one piece for approximately 6 hours, save for a 1-hour stint when I had no table.I have filled up over 7 A4 pages of my pad with my relatively small handwriting, and my hand aches. My head also aches, from the lack of sleep and sheer concentration.I hope that this piece comes across as it was meant to: as me, and as my view on what has happened recently in my life. It is necessarily one-sided, incomplete and self-obsessed.This essay, as it has become, is one of the most introspective thing I've ever written, and in it I have ripped my life to shreds, examined it and left it exposed for all to see. It is there, bare and undefended for all to read into as they please.If you are one of my parents, and I have not spoken to you by this point, know that this is truly how I feel. I am more expressive in written form than I ever can be vocally, so this is my medium of choice.If you are not one of my parents, I commend you for reading this far, and I apologise for taking a vast period of your day away from you. Leave me a comment or drop me an email to tell me whether it was worth it or not. 
Rob - 02:10 - 5 comments 
Thursday, February 3
A Warning
I've just got back from an 8-hour train journey from Belgium (I'll explain another time), and I thought I should give some prior warning that I spent practically the entire journey with a pen in my hand, writing material for the blog. Well, just one post, to be honest. I've had some serious, serious issues over the last fortnight, and this post details all about them, as well as being very introspective. It was nearly 8 pages of A4 in my handwriting, which is compact, so it'll probably take most of tomorrow (shit, today) to type up. Anyway, I'm just giving you all a warning that this epic motherfucker is coming. Oh, and yes, I'm still alive... 
Rob - 03:52 - 4 comments 
Thursday, January 20
Lots Of Material
Apologies for giving you all so much to read in one fell swoop, but my Internet hasn't been working for a few days, whereas my creative faculties have been. I'm in one of the uni computer rooms now, transferring all of the text to here. Why is it that when I'm without any Internet that I have so much to say? Stupid Sod's law! 
Rob - 17:16 - 0 comments 
Visual Stimulation
I got a load of money for my birthday, from various family members and friends, which I put to good use by buying the box sets of The Matrix trilogy and the Extended Editions of The Lord Of The Rings. A great way to spend 100 quid in anyone's book. I had them delivered to my parents' house during December, and only got my hands on them over New Year, whilst I was at home. I didn't watch any of them, mainly because I was so busy, but at least I knew that they were real and indeed mine. I decided to only bring LOTR back with me to Germany, since the Matrix box set I had was fucking enormous. It's the limited edition one with the Neo figurine, and weighs a ton. My suitcase was already groaning, and I couldn't fit it in. Nor did I want to take it in my han luggage, for fear of breaking it. Anyway, I had the LOTR trilogy as well as the first series of Six Feet Under in my bag to keep me entertained, and that's not counting the stack of DVDs I already have here. I watched a couple of episodes of Six Feet Under with Janice on the first Friday back, because we were the only two in town, and there was fuck all else to do. I'd forgotten just how good that series is, as it'd been so long since I'd watched it. I was pretty much addicted to the first series, but lost interest in the second, and hadn't returned to it since. To be honest, I'm not quite sure why I bought the DVDs, but I'm now very glad that I did. Janice hadn't seen it before, but was instantly hooked. She's going to hate me, in fact, because last night I watched the next 3 episodes with Laura. Yes, I know, so many girls, so little time. I get the feeling they only use DVDs as an excuse to come see me... Or is it the other way round? I still hadn't touched the LOTR discs by last weekend, but had joked around with Jamie that one day we should sit down and watch all 3 Extended Editions in a row. That's just under 11 hours of films in one day, which is doable, but we'd have to start early to fit them all in. As I said, it was sort of joking around, but in every joke there is an element of truth. The pair of us were at a Chinese restaurant with a load of others last Friday, all still recovering from the exertions of the night before for Sarah's birthday, when we kind of just said "fuck it, let's do it tomorrow". I said that I'd pop down to the supermarket to get a load of food, and that he should come round at midday. Oh, and to get a good night's sleep, because the next day would be knackering, even if we were sat on our asses the whole time. I think that was the first time I'd seen 10am on a Saturday in a long while, but it was worth it. It actually felt good to be up and about, out in the sunshine on a classically cold January morning. It won't happen again, don't worry. I rushed around the supermarket, picking up loads of munchie food, as well as some rolls and stuff to go in them. The killer was the crate of lemonade. I never have anything to drink in my room, instead always drinking from the tap, and it was annoying me somewhat. I knew that between us we'd never get through the crate in one day, but it'd give me something to drink for the rest of the week. And so it has turned out. I bought it on Saturday, and now have only one bottle left. Good stuff, if fucking heavy to carry back from the supermarket. Jamie arrived on time, I made some rolls up, and we settled back for what promised to be an epic day. We'd only planned to watch the first two films, because a load of the others were coming round in the evening to watch Meet The Fockers, which I'd downloaded earlier in the week. It was tempting to watch all three, but it would have been just too much in one day. Return Of The King is a long film as it is, I can't imagine what the Extended Edition would be like. I'd seen the Extended Edition of Fellowship before, in fact I haven't seen the normal version of that one, but I hadn't seen The Two Towers in its full, lengthy glory. It was as good as I remembered, if not better. Some of the extra scenes were perhaps a little unnecessary, and slowed the film down to crawling speed at some points, but because the film is an epic anyway, I suppose they had their purpose. By the time we reached the end of the second film, I was absolutely exhausted. All we'd done was sit on my bed, watch my computer screen and pig out on junk food, but I was absolutely fucked. Those films are so totally all-encompassing and vast that it drains you to watch them. I'm almost glad that we didn't watch the third one, because I'd have been on the floor, my brain having exploded over the wall behind me. As it was, Meet The Fockers was mildly entertaining. It had some funny moments, but nowhere near as many as Meet The Parents. I read a review after where it mentioned that De Niro looked bored: it's true, he didn't seem to have the enthusiasm that was plainly evident in the first film. Ben Stiller tries his hardest to keep things going, and Dustin Hoffman looks like he's having a whale of a time, but it's simply not as good as the first one. Another sequel which left me a little disappointed was Ocean'S Twelve. Admittedly, I saw it in German at the cinema, so I didn't understand all of the dialogue, but it wasn't in the same league as Eleven. The entire film seemed to be a little up its own ass, culminating in Julia Robert's character impersonating, erm, Julia Roberts. There's self-referencing and post-modernism in films, and then there's just silliness. This film crossed that line. Team America, on the other hand is fucking brilliant. I won't go into it here, but I loved that film. Yes, some of the scenes are too long and fall into the trap of becoming exactly what it is trying to mock, but in general the film fucking rocks. America! Fuck Yeah! 
Rob - 17:10 - 0 comments 
Warning - Drunken Night Out Ahead
Last Thursday (Christ, a week ago already!) was Sarah's birthday here in Heidelberg, which we celebrated in our usual manner. I.e. we went for dinner, then got fucking twatted. Sigh, it's a good life. We went to one of our favourite places for dinner, a classically German place called Vetter, which serves solid German food and good beer. I'd say the start of the downhill motion was myself, Jamie and Erik ordering a 5-litre keg of beer for ourselves. It looks so incredible to have this big barrel on a stool in the middle of your table, and we hadn't had one in all the time we'd been in Heidelberg. We were overdue one, to say the least. The funny thing is that Jamie has been practically teetotal for a couple of months, and told us that he didn't even drink on New Year's Eve. I feel so bad for talking him into having a drink or twelve that night; I'm a very bad influence. Anyway, he needed to drink, it's good to cut loose once in a while. About once a fortnight does me very well. We shared one of the huge pans of mixed sausages, which was very well received, even the cheesy sausages. Yes, sausages with cheese in them. It sounds disgusting, but I love them. It's a classic combination of meat and cheese, all in sausgae form, what could be wrong with it?! The fried potatoes that come with it are to die for too. If you're ever in Heidelberg, I highly recommend eating at Vetter's. After gorging ourselves on meat, potatoes and beer (oh so much beer) we moved on to our usual Thursday night haunt, The Dubliner, for the quiz. To tell you the truth, I'm getting fed up with doing these quizzes, mainly because there never seems to be any other option. It's almost as if it's taken as a given that on a Monday we will be in O'Reilly's, and on Thursday in The Dubliner. There are other things to do, you know! Nevertheless, this Thursday was a good one, because absolutely all of us were there. The only person missing was Becs, who is now studying in France, but I'm going to try to edit her into a photo of all of us that was taken by someone that night. It's a really good photo, and if I can put her into it it'll be a great memory aid for everyone there. I need to get that photo from Triona as large as possible so that I can have a go at editing it. Thursday night is also cheap cocktails night at The Dubliner, and I was immediately on the Long Island Iced Teas. Not by choice mind you, the barman misunderstood my order, but no bother. The second and third were deliberate choices, so I can't blame the guy behind the bar completely, as much as I'd love too. Phil also bought me a Jagermeister (damn him!), which of course obligated me buying him one back, and more drunkenness. We were in The Dubliner for ages, a lot longer than usual, and were very much pissed by the time we left. We all hopped into taxis and went up to Bar Drei (after a brief period of hunting for Jamie, who'd disappeared, by all accounts), where the drunkennes only got more intense. A lot of what follows is based on hazy memories and what I was told over the next few days by everyone. I have a lot of those kind of nights. Is there a particular type of alcohol which doesn't remove your capability of remembering what happened? I need to start drinking that stuff. I know that we were in Bar Drei for ages, drinking a shitload of whatnot, but I didn't remember a few other people being there until I saw some photos the next day. It then all kicked back in, and I remember chatting to them for a while, although fuck knows what I said or if I disgraced myself. Meh. We then went up to Jamie's kitchen, where for some reason Bezante made us all omelettes. No, I've no idea why either. Apparently he came up, made them and then went back down to Bar Drei. I remember Carlos, a Spanish guy, being there too, but I wasn't aware that me and Triona were talking Spanish at him for a while. Well, not really talking Spanish, more saying Spanish words at him with no discernible connection or logic... There's a photo of me with a big glass full of red stuff, and Bezante pouring some Sekt (cheap champagne, not sure where it came from) into it, which again I can't fully recall. Laura informed me later that she'd told me to pour a load of cocktails into one glass, which I promptly did, and drank the whole lot, before topping it up with some Sekt. Stupid boy. After that brief stop for food, we went back (I think) to Bar Drei for some more booze. It must have been around 4am by this time, although time has no meaning where alcohol is involved. I probably drank a lot more, seeing as how my wallet was empty in the morning, but I couldn't say what or how many. Those are the best kind of nights. What does disturb me, however, is this vague memory I have of being in floods of tears at one point. I think it was towards the end of the night, although I'm not sure when or where. I know that I went back to Ali's place (I woke up there the next day, you see), and I half-recall crying on her shoulder for ages. I don't really know why I was crying, and I've never done that before in all of my drinking years, but I was in absolute floods of tears. There must have been some pent-up emotion in me that was triggered by something. I'm a little embarrassed by it, and so I haven't asked around to see if anyone else knows what the fuck happened. Someone must know, but nobody has mentioned it since, so their memories might also be hazy. Or, it could be pride fucking with me again. 
Rob - 16:53 - 0 comments 
Banks. The Bastards.
Remember how a load of money (250quid, to be precise) got taken from one of my bank accounts by some cunt (Cunty McCunt-Cunt was his name) back in November, and all of the hassle that I had to go through to try and get it sorted? Well, sorted it has been. HSBC has just repaid the full amount into the account, which is a Godsend. I was not looking forward to a long drawn-out process, possibly involving a court of some kind, to get my money back. Big corporations aren't generally known for their benevolence and willingness to admit a mistake, but this time it's been thankfully put right. Now all I have to do is use the money in that account to pay back all of my housemates their deposits from our house last year. Bearing in mind we moved out in September, they've been waiting a while. As has my Mum for her money back, seeing as the January sales are on! Staying with money as a subject, just how fucking long does it take to clear a cheque in a German bank?! I had a 1700euro cheque from my English university, my Erasmus grant, which I paid into my German bank account on the 11th of December. I expected it to take a week to clear, maximum, because it was from an English bank and thus had to be transferred. I checked my balance on the 16th, and the money was in there. German banks don't send out monthly statements, and instead expect you to make your own every so often by putting your bank card into one of their ATMs and asking for one. I did this, and saw that the cheque was there, along with a 14euro charge for processing it. However, I couldn't actually take any money out from the account, as my balance was still only 5euro. I went back to the bank the next day and inquired as to when the cheque would be available to me to withdraw. It takes 3 weeks, came the answer. Fuck's sake, 3 fucking weeks?! How does it take that long, especially seeing as the cheque had been verified and already appeared on my statement? Of course, I didn't say this, because a) it would have been very rude, and b) I didn't know the German words for it, so I had to take it on the chin and rape my already overdrawn English account a little bit more. I had to borrow money from my parents when I was back in England, although I was able to pay them back before I left, because my student loan came in, which I hate doing. I'd rather not have any money than borrow some from them. It's some kind of pride thing. We're all square now, which is good. I came back to Germany with a few euro in my pocket, but not too much. Since it had now been 4 weeks since I paid the cheque in, I fully expected to be able to take it out. I still couldn't. I got another statement out of the machine, and noticed that my rent had also not been taken out. I have a Direct Debit set up with the student union to pay my rent, and it comes out on the 3rd of every month. I'd figured in December that I needn't pay any more money into the account for January's rent, because the cheque would be clear by then. As it hadn't, the Direct Debit hadn't been paid, and I received a letter the other day from the student union asking for my rent, as well as some late fees. More hassle and more expense for me, simply because the bloody bank was so slow in clearing that fucking cheque! Banks! Aaaaaaagh! I think I might just stop using banks and pay cash for everything. I'll keep a box under my bed or something with my life savings in. Stupid arsing banks. 
Rob - 16:34 - 1 comments 
Being Back In Blighty
In an attempt to further catch up with everything that's been going on, here's a brief rundown of my short stay at my parents' back in England. I've already written about the journey home, so I guess the place to start is the next day. I'm clever like that. I spent most of it sorting out the various draws in my room, which I seem to do every time I go back to my parents' place. My Mum is a stickler for getting everything that I don't use any more thrown out, whereas I'm quite happy to let it all accumulate. It is my life that these things are documenting, after all. Nevertheless, this time I attacked it with ruthlessness. Out went a whole pile of clothes that I used to wear constantly but hadn't seen the light of day in a year or two. Out went a stack of magazines that I had lying around in various draws and cupboards. I'd already thrown out a huge stack last time I'd been home, but I still found more everywhere I looked. I guess I must have been a voracious reader of magazines when I was a little younger. I managed to get hold of a couple of mates, and we went up the pub in the evening for a beer or two. As it happened, just when I was on my way there, walking up the hill, my friend Elena rang me. I hadn't spoken to her in far too long, but unfortunately I couldn't do so right then, so I told her I'd call the next day and have a proper conversation. The pub was just like usual; I still find it amazing how easily and quickly you can slip back into the old routines and jokes. It's as if you've never been away, whereas in fact I hadn't seen those guys in over 6 months. It was good to be back in my local too, none of this waiting at tables to be served and taking forever to pay the bill. Give me a bar where I can elbow my way to the front, get my beers, and pay right there and then! Mace popped up to see us on his way home, and it was then that we arranged to go to Cardiff for New Year's Eve. A few of our mates go to uni there and have a house, and were having a party before heading into the city centre. Mace was going to drive us, and we were then going to get smashed. Sounds like a plan. Sounds like any Saturday night out, to be honest! The next day I rang Elena, as promised. I'm usually terrible on the phone, and can't wait to hang up, but with Elena it's so very different. I could talk with her all day long without once feeling an urge to go do something else. She's a very, very good friend of mine, and I miss her a lot over here. It was so good to talk to her for God knows how long, about this, that, and everything. We also sorted out about the Law Ball that King's has every March. I knew that I'd be on a break between semesters, and I really wanted to go, since it'd be all of my friends' last year, and they'd be guaranteed to be there. Elena had some money of mine from the sale of my old textbooks, so I asked her to hang on to it and get me a ticket when they went on sale. See, that's me being organised for once! It has since transpired that Elena has managed to get me a ticket, and has put me on a table with a few friends, but has decided not to go herself. I tried my damnedest to talk her out of it, but she was having none of it. Apparently her best friend has decided not to go, which means she doesn't want to any more... Girls! By now, it was just about time to go to Cardiff, so I got my shit together, threw a few things in a bag and sat waiting for Mace to pick me up. We stopped at the shop to get some beers before going to Sketch's house to grab him and his girlfriend. It's about a 75 minute drive to Cardiff, so me and Sketch had time for a couple of beers on the way, as a warm-up. For some unknown reason, Mace had a Grease soundtrack tape in the car, so that went on as we were cruising down the motorway. The one thing that I wouldn't have foreseen myself doing on New Year's Eve was drinking Stella in a car, singing along to Grease Lightning, but that is indeed what happened. It is at this point that I will apologise in advance for this post becoming another night-out-drinking post. Hey, it was New Year's Eve, I was allowed to go out and get pissed! And get pissed I did, beautifully. We arrived at Dan and Dave's house just after 7, to find it already full of people. One of their housemates had also invited a load of people, so it was quite busy. We made the kitchen our base, and cracked on with the drinking games. The Stellas disappeared quite quickly, as did a number of vodka jellies that the guys had made earlier in the day. As we were drinking / eating them, we commented that they didn't taste all that strong, especially compared to the ones that Mace and me had made a little while back. Dave told us that they might not taste too strong, but we'd know all about it later when we had no memory of anything. Very prophetic. Once all of the beers had disappeared, we moved on to the big tub of cocktail that Dan and Dave had also prepared earlier that day. I was expecting the worst, as homemade cocktails are generally undrinkable, but this one was surprisingly nice. So surprisingly nice, in fact, that a good few pints of the stuff made its way down my throat. We also stitched up some random with a drinking game called Gauntlet. Usually with that game, you have to drink about half a pint or so by the time you cross the Gauntlet, but we stitched this guy up so badly that he had to do a good two or two-and-a-half pints on his turn. He was this big dopey fucker who was already a bit pissed, but we did him good and proper. I saw him a bit later on in the night, slumped over a table in one of the bars we ended up in. Can't handle the pace! Pretty soon after this, we left their house with the intention of heading into the city centre via a few bars on the way. We never made it to the city centre, or anywhere near it in fact. There are just too many bars on the way, and we were too pissed to leave and keep walking. Much easier to just go to the bar and get another drink! I remember the first one distinctly, because we'd been there last time I was in Cardiff, but also because I remember being absolutely exasperated that Dan had returned from the bar with a jug of Carling (Carling!!) rather than Stella, which was only 50p more. We still drank all of the Carling though, of course. It may be shit beer, but it's still beer. My tastes aren't that discerning! There was then another bar, which I only remember because I found some photos on my phone of it a couple of days later. I hate it when that happens, because it tells you that you were in fact properly smashed. The really bad thing is that the timestamp on these photos is only 10.30 in the evening. Christ, if I was that drunk at 10.30, I hate to think what I was like at midnight. Speaking of midnight, I managed to miss it completely. We were in another bar by then, and I half-remember looking at the clock on my phone and noticing that it was already 12.15. I've no idea what I did on the stroke of midnight, or who I was with, but somehow I missed it. Knowing me, I was probably in the toilet or at the bar. I then played on the quiz machines for what now seems like an absolute age, with random people that I think were friends of Dan's housemate. Of course we lost, mainly because I could barely see the screen by that point, but it was a good laugh. Or a waste of money, depending on which way you look at it. Speaking of money, the entire night was amazingly cheap. I was expecting to spend an absolute fortune, as is customary on New Year's Eve, but I only spent just under 30 quid. I'd gone to Cardiff with loads in my wallet, but managed to bring it all back home again. A very pleasant surprise to wake up to, I can tell you. As opposed to waking up and finding yourself sharing a bed with another guy. Somehow me and Mace had managed to get a bed in Dan's house, something which didn't look too promising when we first got there, due to the sheer amount of people around, especially couples. What I found out later that day was that when we got back to the house, at some ridiculous hour of the morning, we'd decided to take over the bedroom that had been reserved by one of the couples that were there. By reserved, I mean that they'd put all of their bags in the room and on the bed. We simply put them outside the door and crashed into bed. Well, no, it goes a little further than that. Again, apparently. When we'd got back, Dan was the one who'd said we could grab that room, since he wasn't the biggest fan of his housemate, and especially not his friends. Apparently he was there, at whatever time it was, grabbing all of their stuff and taking it out into the hallway, all the while repeating the words "Fuck it, fuck them, fuck it, fuck them." Genius. Oh, and at one point someone put their head into the room and told the pair of us that the couple who had initially "reserved" the room were now leaving, because they had nowhere else to crash. I think he was looking for some kind of sympathy from us, or for us to leap up and give them the bed back, but both me and Mace just rolled over and went back to sleep. Give a shit... We were then woken up early on New Year's Day (and I mean early: 9.30am!) by someone hunting for a t-shirt, one that we'd seemingly thrown out of the room when we took it over. It was an 80quid t-shirt, he kept telling us, and he couldn't lose it. Honestly, who owns a fucking 80 quid t-shirt?! If you splash that amount of money on a single item of clothing, you deserve to lose it. As it was, he found it (not in our room, I hasten to add) and left us alone again. Mace fell asleep once more, snoring like an absolute bastard, but my hangover was raging, and I couldn't get back to sleep. My head was pounding in all directions at once, which is never a good thing, and the sheer amount of noise out in the hallway was also keeping me awake. I laid and suffered for a while before we eventually got out of bed and made the effort to do something. We first walked to the local Tesco's to get some juice, but that (of course) was shut. Luckily a little newsagents was open, so I managed to get some refreshment inside of me before I passed out with the pain of an all-encompassing headache. We were then going to pop into a pub for some decent food, but that was also shut. Do they not think that everyone might need some recovery food on New Year's Day?! There were a load of pikeys hanging around outside, waiting for it to open, so we decided to go elsewhere. That elsewhere being a McDonalds, of all the bloody places in the world. It was quite amusing to watch us all sat round this table, nursing sore heads and trying to remember exactly what the fuck happened the night before. Just like the old days of Sixth Form, coming in on a Friday morning after the legendary double-vodka-for-a-quid-Thursdays at Bud's and trying to piece together the previous night's events through conversation with others. Occasionally we'd be able to map out an entire evening just by adding together the various memories of each other... Usually there'd still be big gaps though. Damn that cheap vodka. Suitably refreshed / sickened (delete as appropriate), it was time to go home. Dan and Dave were also heading back to Melksham on the train, and were already planning a night out when they got hone, which was one of those ideas which was objectively stupid but subjectively a fucking great plan. I was up for going out again, even if my liver wasn't. In the end we didn't go out, mainly because a huge wave of tiredness hit me in the early evening, but also because logic and rationality came through. I did pop down the pub in the afternoon though, to watch the Middlesbrough - Man Utd game (worst football match EVER) and to see a few more people. These were all of my mates, the guys I go drinking with, play football with and generally do blokey things with. I hadn't seen most of them in a good while, what with being out of the country and all, so it was good to catch up. I had to field loads of questions about Germany, but also found out all of the gossip that had been doing the rounds in my absence. I missed a lot, including the guy from my year at school who murdered his parents in December. I would say that he was such a nice boy, but he wasn't. The next day, Sunday, became a day of rest, of doing absolutely fuck all. I think I watched a film on TV, but I'll be damned if I can remember which one. I know I watched Bulletproof Monk later in the week, which was entertaining in a slightly braindead way (good little twist at the end though), but I can't remember the other one I caught. There was a Little Britain night one evening on BBC3, which was bloody hilarious, but other than that I slipped back into my old routine of watching as much live sport as possible and flicking through the music channels. I'd been out of the loop regarding what music was about in England for a little while, but not much has changed. There's still the same old pop crap, still loads of crappy guitar bands around, a load of cheesy dance stuff and the same old crap hip hop. I have to rely on obscure channels and obscure programmes to see music that I enjoy. One particular show is called 120 Minutes on MTV2. It's on after midnight and plays the kind of music which is too leftfield even for a supposedly alternative channel like MTV2. I discovered some great songs on there one night, including my current favourite, Playboy by Hot Chip. Such a mellow, soulful tune, and the singer has a great voice. On the Monday I managed to get hold of a load of friends and see them down the pub in the evening. I'd like to say that they all came to see me, but it was also the last night for Lucy, and the meet in the pub had been pre-arranged. Nevertheless, there were a good few of us there, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Again, I had to answer loads of questions, but I had just as many for all of them too. We also found it easy to get back in the old routine, with the various in-jokes coming to the fore time after time. I put my foot in it beautifully towards the end, when Will was leaving. He's been going out with Catherine, another friend of ours for years, but unbeknownst to me, they'd split up at the end of November. Hey, I'm out of the loop, I don't know these things. Just as Will was on his way, I asked him to say hi to Catherine for me, since I wasn't sure if she was in town, or if I had enough time to see her whilst I was back. The elbow from Mark into my ribs was the first sign that I'd said something wrong. Will didn't say anything about it, but just said that he would, if and when he saw her next. The elbows kept coming from Mark, and I cottoned on that something was up. Will left, and everyone else practically burst out laughing. I was so embarrassed for myself, and for Will, in that he didn't tell me, and didn't seem to want to bring it up again. Thankfully, no harm was done, as he let me know a couple of days later, the next time I saw him. Me and my big mouth. I don't remember doing anything of note on the Tuesday, save for going to watch some football with Eddie (another shocker of a game, once more involving Man Utd), but Wednesday was a good day. I got the bus into Bath, the nearest city to my parents' place, to do some shopping, because I had some vouchers for various shops that I got at Christmas, as well as a little bit of cash that was burning a hole in my pocket. I picked up a few cool things, including my first Arsenal shirt for years and years. It is the yellow away one, but it's an Arsenal shirt nonetheless. I feel whole again. I also got the first series of Six Feet Under in HMV, as well as a couple of books in Waterstone's. I bought Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, because I like that kind of dystopian vision, and also Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations, an 18th century blueprint for capitalism and modern economics. I've read the Communist Manifesto, and was very impressed by it, so I felt I owed it to myself to read the other side of things. I've managed to read Brave New World since then, which was very good although not quite on a par with 1984, my favourite book ever. It scared me a little with its vision of the future, since it's all conceivable, but the story was a little lacking in my view. I'll probably write a big thing about it sometime soon. I'm currently ploughing my way through one of my Christmas presents, My Trade by Andrew Marr, which is a short history of British journalism. It says so on the cover, you see. I'm enjoying this one thoroughly, as it's written in an entertaining style but with a wealth of facts and information. Whilst I was in Bath, I got a text from Liz, one of the few friends I hadn't yet seen in my brief stopover. She was wondering if I was about, and if she could come round for a chat. She got to my house not long after I got back from Bath, and we started talking for ages. My Dad was the only other one at home, and he vanished upstairs onto the computer, leaving the pair of us in peace. Peace for the time being, that is. I love Liz to bits, and we had so much to talk about, not least her new hair style, which looked absolutely fantastic on her. We dragged up memories, talked about our plans for the future, what we were doing at uni, our respective love lives, everything. It was great. Until my Mum got home, that is. My Mum likes Liz, and they get on well. Unfortunately, my Mum took this as her license to invade our conversation and take it over. She's a talker, and will barely let anyone get a word in edgeways. I had to sit uncomfortably whilst she went over the same story of our journey back from Germany a week prior (I'd already heard this numerous times when she was on the phone to her friends and family), as well as talking about herself. I'm sure Liz felt a little uncomfortable too. I was so angry by the end of it, because for half an hour I barely said a word. I didn't have a chance! And I couldn't very well say "Actually Mum, we're talking here, do you mind leaving us alone for a while", because it was her living room too. After Liz left, I sent her a text, apologising for my Mum dominating conversation and talking at her for so long. Luckily, I went to see a few people down the pub again that night, and Liz was there too, so I was able to apologise in person. She gave me a lift home too, and we ended up sat on my drive in her car for nearly an hour, talking properly. I realised how much I missed her, and am going to make a determined effort to write to her more often. I've already sent a birthday card with a little message in, but that's just the start. I should also be writing more letters to my friends, since phoning them is far too expensive. I told myself at the start of the year that I would write a load of letters, at least one a week, but that has fallen by the wayside. Hell, I struggle to write here once a week! And that was about it for my very brief return to my hometown. 7 days, 6 of which involved at least some time spent in a pub, and I was off again to Germany. The return journey was decidedly uneventful, although I did have a good long chat with my Dad on the way. 2 hours in a car alone will do that to you. We don't really talk to each other a whole lot, even before I went off to uni, so it was a bit strange to have to do that for that length of time. So, what did this stay at home tell me? For one, I truly can't be around my parents for any great period of time. 10 days is pretty much my absolute limit, and 7 is more than enough. It's not that I don't love them, because I do, but I simply can't be around them too much. I've always been someone who doesn't go home that much, and I rarely speak to my parents when I'm at uni. It amazes me sometimes just how much some of my friends, even here in Germany, speak to their parents. I couldn't do it. Since I've been back here, exactly a fortnight now, I've had 3 text messages from my Mum, none of them conversational but instead to do with money issues, and a brief internet chat with my Dad. That's it. And I don't miss them either. Because I've never really been one to talk to them all that much, I don't miss not talking to them, and nor do I miss their company. I'm too independent of them now to go back. Secondly, I need to try harder to keep in touch with my friends. This is something I've been trying to do for months, but with no success as yet. I need to write more letters, send more texts and emails, and to generally be the one to initiate contact. If I make the effort, it'll be more than worthwhile. I want to have these friends for life, because they are fantastic people and I am very close to them all. Must. Try. Harder. Thirdly, that there's no place like home. And by that I mean my current home, wherever it may be. Right now, it's here in Heidelberg, last year it was London. I like getting back to my own place, with my own rules and my own life. I enjoy my life too much to be suffocated somewhat by being at my parents' house, living under their roof and by their rules. I just can't do it any more. 
Rob - 16:31 - 0 comments 
Thursday, January 13
Christmas Tales
Jeez, so much to catch up on. Once more I've let myself slip regarding keeping up to date on this blog. I guess I should at least mention what I got up to over Christmas and New Year, if only for the sake of completeness. I didn't go home for Christmas, and instead spent it here in Heidelberg. Thankfully (ahem), my family were over here too, so I wasn't all alone. This was one of those things that had been half-planned before I got out to Germany, and soon became concrete. We all (me, my sister and my parents) stayed in a hotel, in two double rooms. I highly recommend the NH Hotel, it was lavish and much better than I'd expected. The rooms were huge and surprisingly cheap (a mere &#128;110 per room per night), and the hotel itself was fantastic. It was in a converted brewery, but looked very modern, full of glass and big open spaces. My sister had apparently been itching to get out to Germany to see me, if only to go out drinking. It's legal for her to do so here, you see, seeing as she's 16. Back home, she has to go to people's houses to get drunk. Not that I ever did that, right... So, of course, it was my duty to take her out and see how she took her alcohol. My friend Jillian was still in town, and we went round to her place on the Thursday before Christmas to make some cookies (don't ask) and play a bit of beer pong. Katy (my sister) had beginner's luck, as is standard with that game, and seemed to enjoy herself. We then went into town, hit a few bars and ended up in a fucking strange place at 2am. It had a tree in the middle of the bar, and was rammed full of slightly older, beardy German types. I think that Jillian and Katy were the only females in the place, which was a little worrying. I'm a very protective older brother, as Jillian pointed out to me on numerous occasions that night. I can't help it, I'm your bog-standard older brother. We were both thoroughly hungover the next day and missed breakfast (they only serve it in the hotel until 10am: what's with that?!), which became a running theme for the week we were in the hotel, much to the consternation of my parents. We met them in a cafe somewhere and grabbed something to eat there, which was a much better option. Considering it was gone midday, it was the only option left... Christmas Eve was strange in many ways. For a start, I hadn't really realised that in Germany Christmas Eve (Heiliges Abend) is a much bigger deal than Christmas Day (Weihnachtstag) itself. The shops closed at 2 in the afternoon, and all of the bars and restaurants an hour or two later. It seems that every German spends Christmas Eve with their family at home, rather than out and about. Having only realised this on the day, we quickly grabbed some unfilled rolls from a bakery, as well as some meat and cheese for fillings. The restaurant in the hotel was also closed, as was room service, so it was either make our own or starve. Apparently it was a quite a comedy of errors making the rolls (I say apparently because I'd nipped back to my room in halls to grab some DVDs to watch), because the only knife we had was a 2cm one on a bottle-opener, and the butter had to be spread with a small shoe horn that was in the room. I wish I'd seen my Mum and Dad struggling with those tools, I wish I had. They were tasty though, and went down well with a couple of glasses of wine. We then spent the rest of Christmas Eve all on one of the beds, watching Dodgeball and Bridget Jones 2. The former was just as funny as the first time I watched it, and the latter wasn't too bad. That's not to say it was good, because it wasn't, but it was just about bearable. I think that's a compliment for a chick flick from me. Christmas Day turned out a whole lot better. We spent the morning opening the presents that I'd bought for everyone (mostly little jokey things, but some nice ones too), and then headed down to the hotel restaurant for dinner. We were kind of expecting the worst, because it'd been advertised as a Christmas Brunch, which to us implied a glorified breakfast with some turkey thrown in, but it was fantastic. There was Sekt (champagne-esque fizzy wine) handed to you within minutes of sitting down, and it didn't stop coming for the whole meal. The sheer selection of food was astounding: soups, cold meats, hot meats (including goose!), vegetables, salad, potatoes, pasta, bread, everything you could possibly want. Except for Yorkshire puddings. Goddammit I love those things, especially at Christmas. Jillian joined us once more, because she had absolutely nothing else to do and nobody to do it with that day. I couldn't bear the thought of her being alone on Christmas Day, and I'm glad she came down because we had a great time of it. She liked my parents, which was a bonus, and they were taken with her. Thank fuck for that! After the leisurely, 2-3 hour dinner, we headed into town and to a pub called Vetter, which is about as classically German as you can get in Heidelberg without going over the line and becoming tacky in a tourist-driven way. A few more drinks went down the hatch, which were followed by a few more in another bar whose name escapes me now. By this time it was around 9 in the evening, and my parents decided to call it a night. They left me a load of money to pay for the drinks we'd had up till that point, and then left us to our own devices. We stayed in that bar for another round of cocktails, before crossing the road and going into the legendary i-Punkt. It wasn't too busy, but every table was taken, as was the length of the bar. We'd ordered (in our infinite wisdom) one of the huge 4-litre cocktails between us, and needed somewhere to put it down. I spotted one table that was only being used by two women, so I asked them (in German, of course!) if we could grab the end of it. We commenced with the drinking (my sister's eyes lit up at the sight of the cocktail), and I started chatting to one of the women that we'd sat by. Or she started chatting to me, I don't remember. We were talking about the difficulties I found in Heidelberg whilst trying to speak German, in that everyone talks back to me in English, no matter how hard I tried to speak German too them. She'd faced the same problems when she'd gone to the Netherlands for a while and sympathised with me. She wasn't all that unattractive, but I was definitely picking up what can only be termed lesbian vibes from her. She had quite short hair, was wearing a suit of sorts over a t-shirt, and just had that lesbian vibe about her. But whatever, she was cool to talk to, so I wasn't fussed either way. It was confirmed for me about 10 minutes later, as I was drinking and chatting to Jillian, when the woman in question leaned over the table and snogged her companion. This was a sure-fire sign, I realised. I may not be able to pick up on the signals women give off generally, but I can just about figure out that when one kisses another for nearly 5 minutes, there may be some sort of relationship there... I'm clever, me. I then got a phone call from my friend Quentin, an American guy who lives in Heidelberg. He was also still in town over Christmas, and was wondering if I was about. He lives just round the corner from i-Punkt, and arrived a few minutes later with his cousin (sister? I think it was a cousin). He doesn't drink, but is a really cool guy. We were chatting about anything and everything, me probably slurring my words, but it was cool. I ended up sitting on the opposite side of the table at this point, and started chatting to the other woman of the couple, again about fuck knows what. All of this interspersed with drinking out of our huge jug of cocktail, of course. We were on our second by this stage... I don't actually remember this next bit, which annoys me greatly. I've had to rely on the accounts of Katy and Jillian to find this out. I really wish I could remember, because it was fucking wicked! Apparently, I was busy chatting away to the two women we'd sat by when I turned back to Jillian and told her that they'd just asked me to go home with them. I was beaming, as I'm sure I would have been, and probably quite flabbergasted. It's hard enough trying to find one woman who likes you, let alone two! As I'm sure you have figured out by now, I didn't go home with them. I've no idea why, principally because I can't remember, but all I can recall is that at one point they were there, and then they were gone, never to return. Dammit! I reckon I must have had some kind of guilt complex about leaving my sister alone. That must have been it. It doesn't sound like the kind of thing I'd turn down in normal circumstances. Fuck, I could have gone home with them! Shit. Fuck, shit, arse, bollocks. I'm guessing that kind of offer isn't going to come along again for a long time. Fuck, arse. Instead, we all stopped off at Quentin's place for a half-hour or so before heading back to the hotel for some well-earned sleep. Drinking really takes it out of you, don't you know?! The family had their first row on Boxing Day (the 26th), which by our standards is pretty damn good. Naturally, it was my and my sister's fault. Naturally. Once again we'd slept in until gone 11, what with the late night and the hangovers and all, which meant we missed breakfast once more. My parents had gotten up, had breakfast and been into town and back before we got out of bed, and were more than a little peeved. This was the last full day for my Dad, since he had to fly home the next day so that he could go to work, and the plan for the day was to go up to the castle before heading to a 2pm performance of the Christmas circus. Due to our lateness the plans had been thrown into disarray, which my Mum was more than happy to point out to us. She also had a moan about us missing breakfast so often, because that was then costing Dad money to pay for another breakfast in a cafe or something for us. All understandable, but I felt a little hard done by. Once more, I felt like my independence was being smothered and suffocated by The Family. I truly dislike going home and spending a lot of time with my parents, because this is what happens. It's fine for a while, but eventually (well, is 5 days eventually?) we niggle each other and can't wait to be apart again. This is why I barely went home for the first two years at uni, and why I didn't go home during my first four months here in Germany. Yes, of course I love them, I just don't feel like I can be with them for any length of time greater than a week. I'm getting slightly ahead of myself, but I felt the same just after New Year's Eve, whilst I was staying at their house for a few days before coming back out to Heidelberg. I'd reached saturation point with them, and couldn't wait to be gone. There's only so much I can take of being with them, especially when it's 24/7. Like I said, about a week at any one time is the limit. Being with them for a week in Heidelberg and then 8 days back in England really stretched my tolerance levels. But I'm getting ahead of myself. We decided to go to the castle anyway, and to skip the circus until the next day, minus Dad. Katy threw up on the way to the castle, a combination of a crepe, a hangover, some fizzy drink and running up 200-odd stairs. Silly girl, she just can't handle the pace yet. It takes years of practice to get to my level! Not that you'd want to be here, because it costs a fucking fortune on a night out... The castle was the same as it ever was, all big and castley, but this time I got to go inside it for a little while. I hadn't been missing much. There's a big motherfucker of a wine barrel (2 million litres+), and that's about it. Yay for Heidelberg castle. Good views of the town though. My parents had decided to go to some Christmas concert in one of the churches, but that was neither my nor Katy's cup of tea, so we went back to the hotel. She was watching some TV, and I nipped over to my room to do a couple of things online. Katy was peeved at that, because it meant taking my laptop with me, so she couldn't watch any more of the episodes of The OC that I'd downloaded. Honestly, she must have got through more than 15 in that week, which is quite an achievement at 45 minutes per episode. This was another cause for my Mum moaning at her, not that she usually needs an excuse. The next day, after waving goodbye to my Dad on the coach to the airport, my Mum, Katy and me went to the circus. Well, it's the obvious thing to do, right? I'd not been to a circus in years, and was thoroughly impressed. It wasn't exactly aimed at my age range, but I still enjoyed it. The comedy parts were the best, usually involving a small horde of very well-trained dogs and a fall guy. Who says the Germans can't do comedy? There was one spectacular set-piece at the end, involving a huge rotating pendulum, no safety ropes, and running blindfolded around the outside of it 40 feet up in the air. Very, very impressive stuff, if a little hand-to-mouth oh-my-god in nature. My heart was pounding, and I was sat safely on my chair, eating some popcorn. The day after that (erm, the 28th), we went ice-skating with Jillian and her newly arrived friend from America. Again, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. We must have been out on the ice for a good couple of hours, and once more I was getting better as time went on. Towards the end, I was even able to look up, rather than at my feet! The rink is in a town called Eppelheim, which is a few stops from Heidelberg on the tram, and very easy to get to. The problem is that you have to walk for a good 15 minutes from the tram stop to the rink. The way there was fine, because it was dry, if a little grey overhead. The way back, however, was in near blizzard conditions. OK, so I exaggerate a little bit, but it was properly snowing, and coming down very hard. We were covered in white stuff (dirrrrty...) by the time we got to the stop, and I was so very thankful that I was wearing my new head-tube thing that covers your forehead and ears. I have sticky-out ears, and they get so very cold very quickly in those kind of conditions. They also turn a gorgeous shade of scarlet, which isn't particularly aesthetic, so I was glad to have my tubey thing. No, not ear muffs. I did most of my packing that night before taking a load of stuff back over to my room in halls that I wasn't going to need back in Blighty. It was good to be out of the way of my Mum and sister once more, since they were already pissing each other off with the packing of suitcases. Like I said, I just need to get out of there from time to time. I needed that escape once more the next morning, the day we were due to go home. Yet again my sister had somehow succeeded in pissing my Mum off, to the extent that my Mum wanted to be alone for a while in her room before we had to check out. I wasn't ecstatic about sitting in my room with a brooding Katy, watching nothing but German TV, so I went out for a walk. My original intention was just to pop down to the train station (10 minutes away) to get a newspaper, but I ended up doing a big loop and walking along the river for ages. I had my headphones on, and just needed to be alone for a little while. It was one of those crisp winter mornings, with snow still lying around in places (no, I didn't have my camera on me, more's the pity) and not a cloud in the sky. The hills around the town were capped with snow, which made it look like a mini mountain range, and it was just a beautiful scene. Too bad I was going back to grey old England later that day. I'd missed a text on my phone from my sister, which led to some surprise to arrive back at the hotel and see them at the desk, checking-out. At least it saved me carrying all of the suitcases down from the rooms! We left them behind the counter whilst we went into town to kill a couple of hours in a cafe before our bus was due. It's harder than it sounds with your family, especially if you've been with them solidly for a week... Our journey home has already been posted here, so I'll leave this as is and make a new post for the brief period I had at home. Ow, my aching typing fingers. 
Rob - 03:46 - 3 comments 
Saturday, January 8
2004 - A Year In Review
I'll tell you what, 2004 was a fucking good year for me. Why? Because I was happy. That's it, plain and simple. I had many more happier periods in 2004 than any previous year that I can remember. I was (and still am) genuinely happy for the vast, vast majority of 2004. I was happy with myself; happy with who I was; happy with how I was; happy with where I was; and happy with why I was. I liked me. This is one area where I have turned myself around somewhat. Whilst I was always comfortable and content with who I was, I was never genuinely happy with it. I would find a myriad of faults, always a problem that needed sorting out before I could be happy with myself. I very much acknowledge that I'm not perfect, nowhere near it in fact, but I'm better than I was. I think I've changed: not too much, but certainly for the better. The better for me, and the better for everyone in my life. These changes have obviously not been brought about by myself alone. I didn't sit down at the start of the year and resolve to remedy any and all of the problems I saw within myself. It simply can't be done. I was changed (as is everyone) by the people and the events around me. I went through a lot in 2004, some of it entirely new, some of it not entirely welcome, but all impacting on me in some way. Most of it was mentioned on this blog, some in quite graphic detail, so I'll spare any great retelling of the events and instead concentrate on the aftermath and effects on me that each particular instance had. I'll start with the thing that is at the forefront of every single person's mind: sex. Yes, I had sex for the first time in 2004. Apart from stating the obvious (it was great and I can't wait for the next time), it may have escaped people's notice at the time and since that it changed me. It gave me a hell of a lot of confidence in myself. Not just the fact that I did have sex, but the manner in which it came about: the flirting; the invite to a club; the decision to go by myself, sober, to this club, not knowing if she'd even gone there; the chatting; the kissing in the club; having the balls to tell her I was still a virgin. All of that was a different, newer (better?) me, one that hadn't been seen before. This me hasn't quite carried over into my life since (there hasn't been another girl since that night), but it has enabled me to be a hell of a lot more confident around women. I'm more willing to not worry about making an ass of myself in front of them, and I am less concerned about the possibility of being turned down. I am more confident in my looks, in my overall attractiveness and aesthetics. I surely can't be all that bad-looking, I've reasoned. I take pride in my appearance, even if I seemingly don't show it, what with un-ironed t-shirts and a tendency to go for days without shaving. Well, I've got to stop the ladies beating a path to my door somehow, right? Then there was the second most important thing in any adult's life: money. Perhaps more specifically, other people's money. Remember all of those problems I had back in the first 6 months of the year with my housemates? And about the amount of hassle I had to go through each and every single month to try to get rent money off of them? Well, it taught me a few things: firstly, to choose carefully who to live with in the future. It may seem all well and good living with your mates, but you soon find out what they're really like, and if they truly are friends. You find out who's reliable, who's a slob, who will help you and who couldn't give a shit. Secondly, it taught me to never volunteer to be the responsible one in that kind of situation. I had to deal with the landlord, I had to collect everyone else's rent, I had to go to the bank every time, I had to sort out paying the bills, and even now I'm the one sorting out the crap with the return of deposits and whatnot. Thirdly, it showed me that I can actually be responsible when I need to be with money. I've generally looked after my own finances pretty well, but I've realised that I can now manage other people's too. Not that I got any thanks for it, but so be it. Staying on the money them for a moment, this year was also the first time I was a proper victim of crime. My car was broken into a few years ago, but as the insurance was in my Mum's name, she did most of the sorting out. This time round I had to do it myself. Cue numerous phone calls to the police and bank, as well as a number of emails and all that shit. At least I know how to deal with that kind of thing now. I've also learned how to deal with leaving friends behind and making new friends. When you move to another country by yourself, you don't have a hell of a lot of choice, to be honest. It's sink or swim time, and luckily I'd learnt to swim already. Moving to London two years ago was almost like moving to another country, but at least they spoke (mostly) the same language there! This time, however, I was even further away from home, away from my family and my friends. And I have to say that I'm proud of myself for getting on so well. Yes, that sounds arrogant and egotistical, but so be it: I am very fucking happy with how well I've adapted to this new life, to this new place and to these new people. And there have been many, many people. I've made some great friends, people that I want to know for many years to come. I hope they think of me in the same way. At the same time, I very much want to stay in all of my friends' lives back home. I've known them forever, and I realised this year how little effort I'd put into maintaining those friendships since we'd gone our separate ways to universities across the country. I tried to change my ways over the summer, and got back in touch with a good few of them, but once more let things slip when I got to Germany. I made an effort to see as many of them as possible whilst at home last week, but I know in my heart of hearts that more is required on my part. I will try; it's all I can do. With regards to my health, I'd say that 2004 was a pretty average year. There were a couple of stunted attempts to take up jogging, but I am absolutely certain that I will resume rugby training once it restarts after the winter break. I've certainly eaten a lot healthier since I arrived in Germany, due in no small part to the wonders of the Mensa. Of course, I still eat all manner of crap too, but I manage to get some fruit and veg down my neck every day. Praise be also to the numerous one-litre bottles of fruit juice that are in practically every shop over here. The academic front was probably the weakest part of my year. I got 2:2s in all of my modules, but I know full well that if I'd pulled my finger out of my ass, I could have done a whole lot better. This would have taken the pressure off me in my forthcoming final year. I can't explain why this happened, nor can I give any good, concrete reasons for it, but I think it was mostly due to a lack of interest in my subject as a whole. I'm bored with law now, it no longer interests or excites me. Not that it was hugely exciting in the first place, you understand, but it had its moments. It was also something new, something so very different from physics and maths back at school. It was also a new way of learning, but that soon became monotonous in itself. Go to a lecture, read the textbook, read some cases, make some notes, go to a seminar, make more notes, repeat ad infinitum. My motivation dropped, as I'm now well aware of. It's got even worse since arriving in Germany. With no seminars, and thus no running checks on my studies, I lost all motivation completely. I wasn't (and still am not) even sufficiently interested in my studies to make it to my lectures, which is a huge change from my first year, when I used to haul my ass out of bed at 7.15 every morning for lectures. No self-motivation, that's my problem. See, I said that I wasn't perfect. I guess that's pretty much everything that had an impact on me as a person in 2004, save for one thing. Girl. Wherever she is now, whatever she is doing, I want to thank her for brightening up two months of my life this year, and for making me truly believe in myself as someone who can be with someone else. I'd all but given up on that prospect after three years of the single life, but she took a chance and it paid off, for the both of us. They were good times, but they're behind me now. I'm looking forward to what 2005 has in store for me, I really am. I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already. I'm going to be just like you: the job, the family, the fucking big television, the washing machine, the car, the compact disc and electrical tin opener. Good health, low cholesterol, dental insurance, mortgage, starter home, leisurewear, luggage, three-piece suite, DIY, game shows, junk food, children, walks in the park, nine to five, good at golf, washing the car, choice of sweaters, family Christmas, indexed pension, tax exemption, clearing the gutters, getting by, looking ahead, to the day you die. 
Rob - 18:48 - 0 comments  
netscape_support(); 	
Name:  
Email:  
(Smilies) 
rememberme() 	
  