said in a shaking voice. “Tell me where my mother is.”

“That is no concern of yours,” Gimilzôr snapped.

“Then I’m leaving! I’ll find her myself, I don’t care how long it takes!” Inziladûn cried. He meant to turn and make for the door, but before he could move his father struck him across the face, hard enough that he stumbled and fell. His head was still spinning when the Prince reached down and hauled him to his feet, his fingers digging painfully into Inziladûn’s upper arm.

“You are my eldest son, my heir. In poisoning your mind with her barbaric customs, Inzilbêth has tried to draw the future king of Anadûne into her treason, and there can be no forgiveness for such a crime.”

“Did you hit her, too?” The words felt distant, as though they had come from someone else’s mouth - they were foolish, and Inziladûn knew he would never have said them. 

Gimilzôr struck him again, not quite so hard this time. He seemed to have regained his earlier stern calm, but his grip on Inziladûn’s arm still hurt. “Perhaps spending a few weeks confined to your chambers will remind you of the duty you owe to me, to the King, and to all of Anadûne.”

He let go of his son’s arm, but not before gesturing to someone standing behind him. Two sets of hands fell on Inziladûn’s shoulders, and he flinched, recognizing the guards from the hallway. He bowed his head and stood very still as the Prince issued his orders, and did not struggle when the men led him away.

~

Someone opened the door behind him and Gimilkhâd spun around, hoping to see his mother or Inziladûn coming to tell him that everything was alright and that the shouting had nothing to do with them. Instead he saw his father the Prince standing in the doorway, bareheaded and informally dressed but still imposing. He looked grimmer than usual, and Gimilkhâd quickly dropped the toys he was playing with, scrambled to his feet, and bowed as he had been taught. 

But instead of addressing him formally, the Prince did something that he had never done before; he walked over to Gimilkhâd and knelt so that he did not tower over his son. Then he placed one hand on the boy’s shoulder and spoke to him kindly, without a trace of anger in his face or voice. 

“My son. I trust you are well?”

Gimilkhâd nodded, still nervous.

“I am glad to hear it. Unfortunately, I have grave news. Your mother and your brother have betrayed me, violating the laws of our forefathers as well as my trust.” The Prince sighed heavily. “The details do not concern you, but I must tell you that I have been forced to send your mother away, and to confine Inziladûn to his chambers for a time. It pains me greatly to do these things, but they have left me no choice. There may still be hope for your brother, but your mother has failed me utterly.” He gripped his son by both shoulders, and looked straight into his eyes. “I must put all my trust in you now, Gimilkhâd. Can I depend on you to remain loyal to the King, and to me?”

Gimilkhâd’s voice seemed to be caught in his throat, but he managed to reply, “Of course, Father.”   

“Good. I know you will not fail me. You must try to put your mother out of your mind, and forget anything she has taught you. She sought to turn Inziladûn against me, but you are still a true son of Anadûne.” The Prince squeezed Gimilkhâd’s shoulder, then stood and began to walk towards the door. 

Gimilkhâd took a deep breath and summoned all his nerve. “My lord,” he stammered. The Prince turned back to look at him, eyebrows raised. 

“What is it, my son?”

“May I see Inziladûn? Just for a few minutes?” Gimilkhâd took a deep breath, hoping he had not overstepped his bounds.

The Prince considered this, looking thoughtful rather than angry, which made Gimilkhâd feel a little better. At last he said, “You may. I will send a guard to escort you to him in a little while.”

Encouraged by this response, Gimilkhâd blurted out, “And my mother? May I see her, to say goodbye?”

This time there was a flash of true anger on his father’s face; he looked so furious that Gimilkhâd actually stepped back. But after a moment the rage was gone, so quickly that his son almost thought he had imagined it, and when the Prince spoke he sounded sympathetic.

“I’m afraid that is not possible. Your mother is already gone.”

And with that, he turned and strode from the room, leaving Gimilkhâd alone with his toys. 

~

The man who came to fetch Gimilkhâd was young, and wore the plain uniform and blank expression of a member of the King’s personal guard. He walked slowly enough for the child to keep pace with him