and a half.  Your-“

“Oh, for heaven’s sakes, can someone tell me whatever I’ve been missing?” he finally snaps, sick of all the bickering when he’s spent – really, two years? – being panicked and terrified and, perhaps worst of all, confused.

They all freeze at his outburst, and when they move it’s to fidget awkwardly, with more than a little embarrassment.  Finally Ara sighs.  “Basically, the apocalypse.”

“…Sorry, what?”

“The last two years.  An apocalypse.  Zombie style.  That’s what’s been happening,” Lia says.

He nods slowly, piecing together everything he’s seen, every town he’s passed by and all the things that he’s been running from; the dead bodies he’s left behind, all of it.  “Okay,” he says, and then passes out.

 

~

 

In his defence, malnutrition is a perfectly valid reason to faint mid-conversation.

He’s more than aware of the fact that his ex-girlfriend and other female friend are going to hold this against him till the end of time.  They’re surprisingly light on the teasing, however, as they watch him shovel fruit and soup (apparently he’s not allowed to have any real food till his body’s used to metabolising that) as fast as he can.

“So what happened to you three?” he asks around mouthfuls of food.  “After you left Germany?” It comes out a little less coherent than that, and Ara’s nose wrinkles slightly in disgust, but she doesn’t say anything, glancing at Lia.

“Well, we pretty much did our whole travel thing, and we were here when we saw the news about Australia.  Just haven’t left, I suppose.”

“That was August 2016,” Raine adds.  “And then January last year, Lia picked up-“ She stops abruptly as Lia makes wild hand gestures – more than enough to pique his curiosity, but not strong enough against the seemingly endlessly ravenous hunger that’s still wracking his body.  “Um.  Yeah.  Anyway, a couple of months later in April, we managed to get back into the satellite networks, figured out who’s still alive-“

“Raine!” someone calls from the doorway in a heavily accented voice (European, North European, though that’s as good as his accent detection is right now).  “Call from London!”

“Coming!” she yells back, already pushing back her chair.  “Have fun with the whole apocalypse explanation thing,” she adds as an almost-afterthought to him, running out of the room.

“London?” he asks.

Ara shrugs.  “Meh,” is all she says.

Lia is more forthcoming – “Raine has a boyfriend,” she croons.  Ara raises an eyebrow at her, and for some reason she shuts right up with a subdued, “yeah.”

“So,” Ara continues, turning back to him and taking his now-empty plate – he didn’t notice – from the top of his blanket.  He wants more, but before he can even ask she shakes her head.  “Can’t eat too much,” she says, not unkindly.  “It’ll be the biggest waste when you throw it all back up again.”

Probably true.  Still, logic doesn’t stop his stomach from crying out for nourishment.

“Anyway,” Ara says.  “We’ve got Alice - from our NSG group – down in Antarctica.  They’ve got a full base of operations and practically untouched satellite control because it was way too cold for the zombie virus to even survive at all, let alone infect anyone.  Fiona – again, NSG group, don’t think you remember her – was up in the Blue Mountains till there was this whole tension thing with the zombie government in Australia-“

Zombie…government?”

“Oh yeah,” Lia jumps in, “they can like, think and everything.”

“Malcolm Turnbull’s Prime Minister,” Ara adds.  “Ate Tony Abbot in Parliament,” and he can’t help but scoff at the irony.

“So basically,” Lia says, “all the human peeps have been getting together – that’s how Raine met the London guy, Will, he’s like the Minister for Foreign Affairs or something-“

“Assistant Secretary of Foreign Affairs,” Ara mutters.

“- Whatever.  “And he totally got drunk and told her she was hot last Halloween,”

“Relevant, Lia.”

“- Dude, totally.  And then there was this summit, yeah, like in December, and just after that apparently he found out about this whole plan by NATO-“

“Which still exists,” Ara says drily, “despite the fact that like half the member states are zombie-controlled.”

Lia stops, crosses her arms (he remembers that from their relationship, as long as it’s been since then) and glares at Ara.  “Are you telling this or am I?”

“Fairly sure I was, but go ahead,” the taller girl says,