hasn’t happened yet, but miracles do occur.)

 


III.


So after Banner and Steve have both stopped blushing, and Clint has stopped weeping (you’re not sure if that’s from the shock of reliving his trauma or from the fact that said trauma’s now officially going to be the subject of Stark’s merciless mockery at least the next few days), you try for a shift in mood; or at least, for something doesn’t immediately fall under the category of embarrassing.

It’s hard, but you’ll have time to tell those stories later.

Afghanistan, 1987; and for the first time, you’re not paying attention to anyone else’s reaction.  Instead, you meet his eyes, knowing that he’s thinking the same thing you are.

(And this is beyond normal levels of drunk if you’re willingly D&Ming with Clint.)

(And of course you don’t tell the truth this time, because there are some things that Steve and Thor and Banner and even Stark, that unethical but terrifyingly moral prick, couldn’t understand.)

(But you think it, and you know he’s thinking it too.)

This is just after you’ve given up on the Soviet Union.

Unfortunately, the Soviet Union hasn’t given up on itself; and you’re forcing yourself to wait it out till that finally happens; so you’re in that lovely awkward position where the Soviet Union thinks you’re still totally into them, and the United States are positive you’re on the right side.

And clearly, neither of them know how to court a girl, and so instead of the gifts and flowers that you totally deserve in exchange for perhaps eventually deciding to swing in favour of one or the other, you find yourself placed in charge of defending Tohir Yo’ldosh, some obsequious sadistic toad of a local politician.

It works out fine for the first few months (you help the more respectable political prisoners escape at night, and he pretends not to notice because any protection is better than none).

(Of course, Clint has to come along to fuck it all up.)

“Agent Romanova, what do you think?” Yo’ldosh asks you in heavily accented Russian, smarmy smile twisting his lips.

You idiot, is what you’re thinking, staring at Clint as he leans heavily against the wall of the tiny interrogation room.  “He’s not going to speak,” you quietly respond.

The man chuckles, a horrible grating sound.  “Well,” he begins, “I am certain that-“

“I’ve encountered Agent Barton before,” you say quickly – too quickly, and you berate yourself briefly for it – “he’s not going to speak.”

But sadists are sadists, and it takes two hours of listening to Clint scream as you watch, impassive, before Yo’ldosh concedes defeat.

“I suppose you are right, Agent Romanova,” he sighs petulantly – in English, this time, even more horribly mangled than his Russian, and you know he wants Clint to hear him.

Somehow, through the blood and bruising and broken bones, Clint’s mouth curves in a smile, “Damn straight,” he rasps out, before biting straight through his lip when Yo’ldosh delivers a kick to his shattered left thigh.

“I truly wish it did not have to come to this,” the man says, false sincerity oozing from every pore.  He turns his head.  “Bring the girl in!” he shouts.

The girl is fourteen.  She’s bruised and bewildered.

She’s Yo’ldosh’s niece.

~~~~~

Alright so it turns out this puffed-up little ingrate is actually crazier than you thought; as in, he transcends sane crazy and makes it into genuine Freudian insanity with room to spare.

“Talk and we will let you go” (lie – you know very well that Yo’ldosh had already ordered the shallow grave for Clint’s body to be dug) “or do not talk…and I will get angry.” 

He shrugs.  “And perhaps you will be hurt” (some more) “or perhaps,” you see the girl (Fila, her name is) flinch from his touch, and that’s when you know he’s already raped her, “someone else will.  She is my sister’s child.  I would not like to see her dead, but there are things we must do for our country.”

You very carefully keep your expression blank.

But that’s another thing, like swimming, that he obviously never learned.

The politician sneers when Clint’s eyes widen.  “Ah yes, your American sense of justice.  I am appealing to your American sense of justice, Mr…what did you say his name was, Agent Romanova?”

“Barton,” you reply (not numbly, calmly.  You can’t afford to go numb now, you know.)

“Barton,” he says with a smile.  “Your Western sense of honour.  “Oh, I will let you go,” Yo