there'd been the night he'd frozen the teddy bear to your window. He liked to check on your more and more often as you grew up. He wasn't sure why, but it didn't matter. He liked how human you were; you had a life, just like he wanted. Who wanted to be Jack Frost? All alone and forgotten.

"Hey! Who are you?" you asked, glancing up from your history textbook, and noticing the teenager standing in your window. He wore a navy blue hoodie covered in frost and carried a staff much like a shepherd would have.

"Who? Me?" he asked, pointing at himself.

"Is there anyone else out there?" you asked. You knew you should have been more perturbed by this boy snooping around, but he seemed really familiar. Almost like an old friend. This was weird. You'd never seen him before. Of that, you were almost positive.

"Jack Frost," he told you. You rolled your eyes and went back to reading.

"Very funny. Which one sent you? Kaylee or Molly?" Your friends hated your obsession with Jack Frost, and did everything in their power to make fun of you. Their newest stunt took dedication though. He was a very impressive looking young man; they probably paid him a lot to play the part.

"No seriously! I'm Jack Frost!" the boy insisted. "I can show you!"

"Alright. Show me," you replied, getting off your bed and walking over to the window. You crossed your arms and waited for something to happen.

The boy grinned at you and tapped his staff to the window. Frost curled out from the spot the staff touched. "This is what I do every Christmas," he told you, grinning. He puffed up his chest with pride as you gaped at him.

"You… you're real!"

You'd been talking through the window, but you slid the window open to a blast of cold air. "You're real!" you said again. This couldn't be a joke; how would he know about the Christmas morning frost patterns? You'd told no one about those.

He chuckled happily and scratched the back of his head. "Yup!"

"You don't understand. I have to tell everybody! You have to come with me! They'll believe me once they see you!" you told him.

"Uh… That won't –" Jack began, but you talked over him.

"Stay right there! I'll be right outside! Just, don't go away!"

Jack watched as you pulled on furry snow boots, grabbed your coat, and dashed out of your bedroom door. Seconds later, you came around the corner, panting from your sprint out of the house.

"Good! You're still here!" you said, straightening.

Jack chuckled nervously. Now that somebody actually could see him, he wasn't sure what to do… his people skills were very rusty, he had only the kangaroo with over sized ears and the yeti minions of the big guy to interact with for the past three hundred years.

"Still here," he replied.

"You have to come with me to see my friends!" you told him, grabbing his hand and pulling him towards the sidewalk in the front of your house. His hand was freezing in yours, but it wasn't surprising considering that he was in charge of winter.

Jack, however, was caught by surprise by how warm your hand was in his as you pulled him forward. He forgot for a moment that your friends wouldn't see him as he followed you around to the front of the house. When he collected his wits, he dug in his heels and staff, bringing you to a stop.

"What's wrong?" you asked him, turning around to look at the young man.

"They won't see me."

"What are you talking about? You're right here! Of course they'll see you!"

Jack shook his head and kicked at the ground. His shoulders slumped, and he wouldn't look at you. You dropped his hand.

"Why won't they see you?"

"Only people who believe in me can see me."

"That's ridiculous!"

Jack tapped the long wooden staff against his shoulder a couple times before looking up at you. "It's not. It's the truth. Until recently, you're the only one who believed in me."

"How do you know that?" you asked.

"I've… uh…" Jack flushed, which surprised you considering how cold his hand had been. "I've visited you more than a few times. After the teddy bear, I knew you must believe in me."

"You've been… watching me?" you asked, shivering.

"Oh no. Not like that!" Jack said, taking a step forward and waving his hands in front of him.