But that doesn't mean we're not friends."

Stein couldn't stop the answering smile that stretched across his mouth. Even weighted down by the dark thoughts that twisted through his mind like barbed wire, he couldn't fail to appreciate the rare times Spirit cast aside his outrageous behavior to reveal a far more serious nature.

Probably one of the reasons Stein had enjoyed cutting into him so much. It had become an obsession the first time he'd glimpsed the steel lurking behind warm green eyes. Stein had seen the blade that Spirit would become. Bright and sharp, slicing through flesh and stone with no hesitation, with a speed so great as to steal away any pain the blow would have brought. Merciless compassion wrapped in smiles and crying fits that had left Stein baffled even as he hungered for more.

The desire to see beneath the flesh had consumed him. Night after night he would slice into soft skin, searching, always searching for the strength that reflected the strong curve of a scythe.

Stein's eyes slid closed as the Kishin Madness seized those memories, giving them depth and substance until he could smell the copper sweetness of blood, feel Spirit's warm skin beneath his hand as he guided the scalpel. He closed his eyes but that didn't stop him from seeing the way blood gathered as the flesh yielded beneath a razor sharp point.

"Friends." Stein's voice was rough, with desire or fear even he couldn't say. "Yes, I do believe we are friends." Friends did not slice through the skin in order to explore the vulnerable insides it protected. They did not feel another's strength like a siren call and hunger to explore how far it could be pressed before splintering beneath the strain.

"You haven't been the same since our fight with Medusa."

True. The conniving little bitch had managed to sink her fangs deep before the death blow. An old adage about snakes came to mind, about how the head was still dangerous once cut away from the body. Whether it was something she did, or if it was just the Kishin Madness that had swamped the air, Stein had felt his steady slide towards insanity.

"Death has spoken to you." Not a question. Death may have been nothing more than a white skull cloaked in shadow, but Stein had spent a lifetime reading the nuances that even shadow could not conceal.

"He is worried about you. So am I."

"I told him that I will handle it." Determination backed not by confidence, but by desperation. Sometimes he could almost feel clawed hands pulling him further and further into shadows edged with blood, three eyes watching him with malevolent expectation.

"I know you're slipping." It was not laughter he saw dancing in bright green eyes, but bright light reflecting off shining steel. "Do you think I can't feel the darkness that is eating you from the inside out?" Spirit pressed a hand against his chest, fingers clenching in the olive green shirt he never seemed to be without.

"I have always been mad, Senpai." Memory enhanced by madness allowed him to relive the quick spasm as relaxed muscles protested the scalpel's intrusion. Even asleep, Spirit had been so trusting.

"Not like this. You need to fight it, Stein. We can't afford to lose you."

Stein took a quick drag on his cigarette as memory and reality merged, bringing with it the copper tang of spilled blood. "You assume fighting would change anything." Something chuckled, twisted darkness that gleamed with a three-eyed gaze the color of old blood. Memories twisted by madness pressed against the back of his eyes; harsh lights illuminating pale flesh, skin parting beneath the razor edge of his scalpel. "Maybe I'm already lost."

"Don't say that, Stein!"

Stein's eyes burned in his sockets, his joints stiff as he surged to his feet. His lips stretched into a macabre smile, the skin tight as it struggled to conform to the unnatural position. "Truth is pain, Spirit. I take delight in both."

Spirit didn't move as Stein stalked towards him. A fool that clung to hope even as it frayed between his fingers. Stein didn't stop until their bodies were flush, and the desire to touch lifted his hands. At one point he would have checked the impulse, but now all was shattered needs and melted rainbows out of the corner of his eye.

"I never found it you know." Stein pressed a hand against Spirit's heart, felt the strong rhythm that never faltered. Such strength, steel hidden in a sheath of flesh and blood.

"Found what?" Spirit's voice had faded to a dull whisper, eyes wide. Still no fear, but now there was wariness.

"I never found what made you strong."

Wariness faded, replaced with solemn warmth that fought to banish the icy touch of madness. "There are some things you can't dissect, Stein."

"Maybe I just didn't look in the right place."

Exasperated amusement rather