Draco was always so good at distracting him when he was stressed out and worried about something. Draco was amazing at keeping him calm and relaxed.

Of course, that didn’t really help when Draco was the one he was stressed and worried about. Why did Ron and Hermione have to go on their second honeymoon now?

He stood up, paced the corridor a few times, and sat back down.

Damnit. He could really use a smoke.

He eyed the the earth he’d stuck his cigarette into and shrugged. He relit it with his wand and sat back, his head bending in a weird angle against the wall. Those chairs were really the most uncomfortable chairs he’d ever sat on––save for that hard, wooden chair Professor Snape used to have in his office. Maybe he should donate some chairs to St. Mungo’s, or suggest the chairs should be excluded from the ‘No Transfigurations’ policy rigidly enforced with Wards.

Harry uselessly shifted on the chair to get more comfortable, and closed his eyes as he took another drag of his smoke. Come on, Draco!

“Mr. Potter?”

Harry jumped to his feet, hid the smoke behind his back, and turned his head to look at the man who had spoken up. Fuck, crimson robes, not lime green.

“Malfoy,” Harry said, sneering a little when the Auror made a dismissive gesture with his hand.

“Yes, I’m Robert Dawes. The Ministry has been contacted by St. Mungo’s due to the nature of Mr. Malfoy’s injuries. Can you enlighten me as to what happened?”

“I-I’m not sure,” Harry replied, tossing the unfinished cigarette back into the pot. “All I know is they attacked him. It all happened so fast.”

Shoving his slightly shaking hands in his pockets, Harry raised his shoulders and caught sight of his bloodied shirt. He looked up at the Auror who was eyeing him expectantly. “I only stepped into Flourish and Blotts for a moment without him, he said and sighed. "I mean, you don’t pick up gifts for someone when they’re standing right beside you, do you?”

Dawes nodded for Harry to continue as his quill made a scratching noise against a piece of parchment floating besides his head.

“Well, as I said, I was only inside for a moment." Harry removed his hands from his pockets and rubbed his left wrist over his right under arm. "When I noticed the commotion, I ran outside, and h-."

Fuck. There had been so much blood. And Draco's wing, and-.

He took a deep breath and crossed his arms over his chest, grabbing his shoulders and lowering his eyes. “He was just laying there, broken. Do you know how much force it takes? To take down a Veela?”

Dawes hummed in understanding. “Did you see any of the attackers, Mr. Potter?”

“Malfoy. Honestly, how hard can it be to remember?” Harry mumbled and sat back down, a shiver running down his back.

Dawes flushed lightly, but his gaze never lost its determination.

“No,” Harry replied to his question. “I was a little too preoccupied with my bleeding husband to look around and see who was there." After a short silence he added: "He must’ve fought back, so there’s bound to be some injuries.”

“Mr. Potter?” a woman asked.

Harry flicked his eyes to the ceiling and threw up his hands. “Yes?” he growled.

“Mr. Malfoy is out of surgery.”

Harry snapped his head around and breathed a sigh of relief at the Healer’s comforting smile. “How is he?” he asked, completely forgetting about the Auror that was still there.

“He’s fine, Mr. Potter,” the Healer said. Harry couldn’t give a rat’s arse about the name at that moment; Draco was going to be okay. “We’ve managed to reattach the left wing, and he should regain full use of it. The other wing will require some therapy, for we had to heal 62 individual breaks. But overall, Mr. Malfoy was very lucky.”

Harry huffed. Yes, very lucky to have been attacked in broad daylight in the middle of a bleeding shopping street. “Can I see him?”

The Healer smiled. “They are moving him to a private room right now. A mediwitch will come to take you to him when he’s settled.”

“Mr. Potter?”

Harry turned with a sigh and looked at the Auror.

“I’d like to speak with Mr. Malfoy about the attack if possible,” Dawes said, but the Healer interrupted before Harry could reply.

“Mr. Malfoy won’t be conscious for a while. Come back tomorrow afternoon and we’ll see if he’s ready to talk.”

Harry gave her a relieved smile and missed the stone-faced nod the Auror gave her behind Harry’s back before he turned on his heels and left.

Twenty long