still empty. The silence was soothing; it washed away the clinging stares of strangers from school. The dishes were done quickly and the water in the pan was already heating up. The peacefulness likely would not last much longer, but for now, Harry could sit down and rest, just a little. Looking out of the kitchen window into the garden, he let his thoughts drift. Once, he would have been able to colour the world however he liked – see people who were kind to him and played with him. That was a long time ago, though… before the incident with the letters. It had caused his Uncle to shut him in the cupboard for nearly two months; until they needed him to cook the meals and tidy the house again. Since then, he had stopped imagining – it only ever got him into trouble.


“Some call him a ghost; some say that he is a demon. Some call him a mere mortal…”*3


The passage from the exam was still slowly boring through his mind. The words seemed to echo in his thoughts endlessly.

The red eyes blinked at him curiously.

“Ah, there is it again…” Harry thought, slowly waking from his reverie.

The eyes did not vanish this time, instead glowing mysteriously amidst the shadows of the trees outside. How strange, Harry’s muddled mind supplied slowly. The eyes disappeared again. Harry shot out of his seat suddenly, wide awake. What the hell had just happened? He ran quickly to look out of the window, where he had just seen the flash of red. Nothing was there.

He was almost disappointed. With himself. He had abandoned delusions of the supernatural, but yet his mind insisted on playing such cruel tricks.

The glass was cool against his nose and steam had built up on the lenses of his cracked glasses. Tears were just barely pricking at the corners of his eyes. How pathetic.

He was ready to return to his chores, he just needed a small break. Just a moment, to rid himself of such treacherous thoughts… when suddenly he noticed a man standing in the light of the streetlamp outside. His face was veiled in shadow, but the eyes… they were unmistakeably, definitely blood red. Mesmerizing….

He found his body moving on his own. Like a homing beacon in Dudley’s sci fi games, the man simply drew Harry to him. He walked out of the house and quickly up to the man – tall, thin and intimidating. His body was cold and trembling. He’d forgot to put slippers or shoes on…

“We meet at last, Harry Potter…” the man whispered. His voice was low, almost raspy, but soothing to the ears. “Sixteen years, Harry... and yet it feels as though it was only… yesterday.”

“What?” Harry choked out, paralyzed by the intense stare which held such immeasurable power.

“It is regrettable, but reasonable that you would not remember me, Harry. Forgive my rudeness,” the stranger bowed rigidly, only enough to be polite. “I am Lord Voldemort, the Lord of all Darkness and I have come to take you away from here.”

Harry’s mind was jumping in loops, unable to comprehend the sheer weirdness of the man in front of him. His uncle had always punished him for ‘associating with that kind of people’. Fear run rampant in his mind, paralyzing all thought.

“Do not worry. I shall never harm you,” the man reassured him with a smile. A cold, lifeless smile. “Unless you try to break our contract, of course…”

“Contract?” Harry echoed in disbelief. “What do you mean? Who are you?!”

“I was the one who saved your life, fifteen years ago, when your parents were killed – in return for taking you as mine.”

“Liar! My parents died in a car accident!” Harry took a step back, feeling cold, twisting dread coil in his stomach.

“Did they now…. Then why didn’t you? Why do you heal so easily and re-grow hair much faster than an average human?” Voldemort laughed, not affected by Harry’s accusations. “The truth is right… here…” he grasped Harry’s wrist roughly, too fast for him to react. A long, thin finger traced the exposed, purple veins on Harry’s skin.  “That’s right… it flows in your blood.

“My poison….”

Harry pulled, tried to get away, but the hold on his arm was far too strong to fight.

“It returned you to life that night and bound you to me for eternity. It waited, strengthening your power day by day, slowly but surely… And now, the wait is finally over.”

Rows of sharp, long teeth sank into his wrist without warning. The rush of blood overwhelmed him and the world started spinning. The beating of his heart, suddenly so loud and clear, slowed down erratically, making him cough and gasp, as his body grew hot and his throat constricted with an unknown hunger.

“That night,