a lot of shit, right? Like, students doing lots of stuff, saying things, trying stuff out, um… experimenting and stuff?” You nod, wondering where on Earth this is going. It almost feels like Malfoy is about to come out to you, which wouldn’t exactly be a surprise, except for why on Earth he would be telling this to you of all people. “So my so… my… my child, Scorpius, came to me today to… talk about something. And…” Malfoy sighs, finishes his beer, and motions for another. You do so, but switch to the lighter (and amusingly named) Kelpie Spit - after all, once you’ve reeled them in, you don’t want them passing out before finishing the story.

He takes a sip and continues. “Have you… have you ever had a wizard come to class, and then the next day, they’re a witch?”

This is not at all what you expected. “You mean, like with a polyjuice potion?” you ask.

“No, not like that,” Malfoy says irritatedly. “I mean -”

“Well, I have heard that stewing and ingesting horklumps during an eclipse on a rainy dew while wearing a particular shade of chartreuse can cause a variety of amusing effects, including a brief reversal of genders -”

“I’m not bloody talking about pickled horklumps!” he spits, making you glad you started him on the lighter stuff. “Stewed,” you mutter under your breath.

“I mean, the wizard shows up to class the next day and he looks pretty much the same, but he says he’s a witch now?”

Ohhhhhhhh. Now you get it. You must say, your experience in such matters is minimal, though a pleasant but not particularly applied (at least in Herbology - Ancient Runes was apparently a different story entirely) Ravenclaw student in h… his fourth year at Hogwarts started asking to be called simply “Alex” instead of “Alexis”. You didn’t think much of it, but you did notice he- him, wearing more male-oriented clothing (though with Hogwarts dress code it’s not like there’s too much of a difference - he’d never been one to wear skirts anyway), and overheard Madame Pomfrey muttering on about cooking up an usual type of potion for Alex (though Madame Pomfrey did a lot of muttering these days, and usually of the not entirely coherent variety). You tend to let your students be students and just focus on their school work unless they come up to you - and while you’ve mentored many a student in your relatively short but varied time as a teacher at Hogwarts, Ravenclaws have been the most reticent to ask for your advice - even more so than the Slytherins! It probably has something to do with your rather convuluted way of explaining some thi- oh shit Malfoy’s talking again.

“Like, I could understand being into wizards. It’s the 21st century. It’s… it’s a new era. Look at me - I’m, I’m a changed man. I don’t…” he pauses, hiccuping slightly, stares confusedly at his hands for a brief moment, and then continues. Yeeaaah, probably just gonna give him water from this point forward. “I don’t call muggleborns mudbloods any more. I don’t. I promise. And like, we’ve all thought about it. No wizard hasn’t. If they say they hasn’t, haven’t, they’re a liar. And not a cool one like me. A... a, whatchamacalit. A dumb one. I mean, we’ve ALL been there, in the showers after a quidditch match, and you jusht HAPPEN to look over and you know maybe you don’t hate what you see!” Malfoy’s hands are really getting into it now, and he’s starting to draw attention from the few remaining bar patrons.

You do your best to hide a snicker - Ron is gonna love this story (on second thought, he might love it too much - maybe you should keep this one to yourself), and Malfoy manages to somehow combine a scowl and a blush into a single gesture. “The point is, I could understand if he, you know, flew for the other team. But this… I mean, I’m obviously not mad or anything, I just… I - I don’t have any, wazzit called, any rame of feference, any fame of deference, any, any… I just don’t quite get it.” He take another drink, and continues, fortunately with slightly less exaggerated hand motions. “Was I… am I… a bad father? Did I do something wrong? Why’s… why’s my beautiful boy got it in his head that he’s a witch?”

Hoo boy. There it is. You… you’re going to be honest, you really have no idea how to respond. Brief encounters with Alex notwithstanding,