to him. It was quite a bit nicer, though, to have his mouth covered with a motion of his wand, muffling the words. Besides, it wasn't as if Draco had any particular options available to him as protests were not going to work. Severus was going to do what he wanted to do. "I think you're going to enjoy this," Severus reiterated, smiling as he bent Draco's right leg at the knee. The bindings adjusted automatically, holding him in place. Such a pretty sight. "I've been informed the sensation is quite intense."

Hmmm, yes. Muffling him was going to work out quite well, because Draco was still making the most delicious noises, partially protest, partially lust. He did seem a bit worried about the ginger in the bowl, but then, Draco had always been very good at potions. Very good at projecting them forward into what they might be, which had taken some skill to teach, but he was surely already imagining the properties of ginger in relation to his sexual organs. He lifted up the wet ginger and smirked as he made sure Draco was looking at it.

The whimper was extraordinarily gratifying, and so he leaned down and gently pressed a kiss to the tip of Draco's nose, just for that sound. "All mine," Severus sighed. He pressed the tip against Draco's ass, slightly slimy and slick, and just slowly pushed it in. The point wasn't through penetration, after all, but the sensation that would build soon.

He held such delight in those soft sounds, the pleading that Draco was clearly inclined to do despite the spell keeping him from doing so. The noises in his throat and his chest were delicious, however, and he hoped they would only get better as the evening continued. The rocking, squirming motion of Draco's hips, slow though it was as yet, certainly implied that was the case.

"Does that feel interesting?" He waited for the nod yes or the headshake no. Either way, he was going to carry on, but he liked to have a gauge.

No, no, no was the answer from the shake of his head, but Severus had always been able to tell when Draco was lying, and when the lie was told out of dread for whatever might come next if he told the truth. That had been extremely irritating when he was a child. As a very attractive young man in his bed with interesting sexual practices, it was something of a delight.

It was the no no no that actually meant yes, because real nos from Draco held a note of something else to them, something too familiar to Severus ever to press at actual nos. A look in his eyes, terror at the concept. This was a much nicer shake of his head that encouraged Severus to pick up the slimmer piece of ginger.

Draco's eyes widened so prettily at that, though it was clear that he had no real understanding as yet of what Severus planned. The rocking of his hips did seem to be increasing, and with it also the strength of his erection. His beautiful hard erection that Severus gave a few strokes with one damp hand, smearing water and ginger oil on the outside of Draco's dick. Severus took his time, and then brandished the bulbous ended ginger sliver. Draco was already shaking his head violently, and there was a certain sheen to that lovely gaze that was certainly inspiring.

With a flick of his wand, he tightened the bonds, keeping Draco still. It didn't keep him quiet -- moans, whimpers, no words -- but it did give him the opportunity to carefully, gently begin sliding the ginger into the small opening at the tip of his cock.

Draco shuddered violently and shook his head again, eyes shutting tightly. The pleading made Severus want to kiss him desperately. Instead, he seated the ginger and reached down to cup Draco's testicles in his hand, roll them gently back and forth.

"If I ungag you," Severus offered, letting it trail off because he wanted to hear that sweet whingy begging, the discomfort in Draco's voice.

That seemed to get him the response he wanted, a nodding of Draco's head. His entire body shimmied for a moment, struggling violently against Severus's magic before he stilled, dropped his head back and gave a sob.

After that little show, how could he not ungag him? Severus twitched his free hand, and pulled the gagging spell off while he gave Draco another stroke. "What was that?"

The shaking increased, and Draco drew in a hard breath through his nose before opened his mouth, letting out another sob. "Burns. Burns, Severus, it, please. Please, I'm sorry...."

"There's nothing to be sorry for. You're beautiful like this." He stretched his fingers out, smiling at him as he gave Draco's dick another stroke. It was still just as hard as it had been to start, implying that it wasn't so very painful.