I could use a little fun.”

Seamus toed off his worn trainers and curled his legs underneath him on the chair before continuing. “So we get to this club. Music’s thumping, lights are blinking. Looks fun, ya know. But there’s one thing I notice. No girls. Nope, not one bloomin’ bird in the whole place. Well you know what that meant dontcha?”

Dean just grinned.

“Yeah, you got it, mate. Gay club. Just a buncha shirtlifters. So now I’m a little annoyed with myself for not expecting that, but I figure what the heck, music’s good, I need a night out, so I grab a pint, find a piece of wall to lean on, and watch the scene.”

“How was it?” Dean asked, definitely interested in where this was going.

Seamus leaned in closer, letting his friend know they were getting to the best part of the story.

“Well it wasn’t so great at first; just a buncha half-dressed blokes sweating to the beat. So I had another pint while my mate hooked up with some pansies across the bar. Funny thing happened though, once I downed my third round, my feet started tapping and those boys up on that dance floor started looking a darn sight fitter.”

“So, did you dance?” Dean prodded. Honestly interested in Seamus’ tale.

“I was getting to that part. Don’t rush me.”

“Alright. Go on then.”

“Yeah, so I’m leaning against this wall, really starting to feel the music and the beer of course, and this bloke comes up and motions to the dance floor. I think, why not. Looks like it could be fun, so off we go.”

“And?” Dean said impatiently.

“And, you’re rushing me again, Dean.”

“Okay. Sorry,”

Dean sat back again and listened.

“We start to move. Ya know, getting into the beat. It’s amazing how it gets to you. All of a sudden it’s getting hot and this bloke is right there, rubbing against me in all the right places. I’m just going with it, not really thinking about anything but the sounds and the heat around me and then he starts kissing me.”

Dean’s eyes widened and he moved in closer to Seamus, feeling a little flushed himself all of a sudden. “Did you kiss him back?”

“What do you think, Dean? Yeah, I kissed him back. It was incredible. The heat, the feel of that lean muscle against my skin; it was intoxicating, and I don’t think it was the beer.”

“So what happened next?”

“Do you really wanna know?”

Dean’s knees were practically touching Seamus’ at that point, he’d moved so far forward in his chair. He nodded intently, urging Seamus to finish.

“He rubbed me. Right there in the club in front of everyone, although I doubt they noticed; rubbed me right through my jeans and finished me off right there on the dance floor.”

Dean just stared, completely oblivious to anything except Seamus who’d just told him he’d let a bloke practically pull him off in a crowded club. He’d never been so glad the common room was empty as he was right at that moment.

Seamus just stared back, and Dean held his gaze as Seamus’ hand tentatively reached out and his fingers trailed lightly down Dean’s arm. Dean felt the goose bumps rise on his dark skin as his whole body shivered slightly at the touch.

Dean knew Seamus was going to kiss him just moments before their lips touched, and he never moved; just sat there stunned while his best mate slid his hand behind Dean’s neck and pressed his lips more firmly against his own.

God, it felt incredible, and Dean could feel his whole body, especially the lower regions, instantly respond to the closeness.

Dean’s head was swimming, his mind was cloudy, and he barely acknowledged the hand that wasn’t his own creeping slowly across his knee, and then he froze. Seamus pulled back, seemingly to see why Dean had halted the kiss.

Dean looked up at Seamus shakily.

“Fuck!”

“Dean?” Seamus questioned.

“I can’t… I’m not... Just fuck.”

Dean jumped from the chair, knocking his cold tea flying onto the carpet and bolted from the common room and straight up the stairs.

Seamus ventured up to the boy’s dorm a little while later, calling Dean’s name softly as not to wake the other Gryffindor boys.

Dean laid there, eyes closed tight against the darkness, and pretended to be asleep.

~*~

 

Dean folded the creased parchment one more time and set it on the night table.

They hadn’t spoken again since that night. The following morning, Dean had managed to avoid Seamus on the train home by sitting with Neville and Ginny. Seamus, he presumed, had sat in their usual