repelling Charms on the basement door.

The sun shines through the holes in the walls and focuses on the ivory and slate kitchen counters. If I could just be the sun and see whatever it shone on, maybe I could see this place the way it was in my memory. Rich splendor and possibility. The musky air pregnant with the chance of a future.

"What do you want to do later?" he asked.


I shrugged and lifted a stack of old books that didn't seem Dark enough to warrant distraint. "Hey, look at this." I said and picked up the portrait underneath.


"Well, I don't know if it's a Dark Artifact just by looking at it, but a face like that should definitely be illegal."


I bumped his shoulder. "Don't be rude."


"Fine, tonight, though. You haven't answered me. "Dinner? Maybe a show?"


I chanced a quick peck on his cheek and put the portrait back on the floor. It didn't seem to be a Wizarding portrait in any case. "Fine, dinner and a show. But I need a shower after our search, you'll have to pick me up at home."


It takes a bit of Transfiguration and some more strengthening Charms to get up to the first floor now, the staircase is completely ruined by the fires that consumed almost everything. You can still see how beautiful it used to be though. Iron railing going three stories up, decorated with a fine Art Nouveau filigree. It's still there, even though the rich Ebony beams shooting up like the trees in a rainforest are gone.

There had certainly been a lot of Artifacts in the Library on the first floor. It's nothing but cold stone and metal beams now, but my memory can fill in the rest. Honey and red used to be the primary colors. Sconces on the wall lighting the place up warmly, and a fireplace in the corner that wasn't lit, but gave me dreams of sitting down in front of it with a good book, while my Husband and the children run about with their dogs or each other. Playing. I'd been able to hear the laughter that is nothing but an echo in the back of my mind now.

It took me ages to rummage through this room. Nothing was ever as it seemed, and even the books on de-gnoming gardens couldn't be trusted. There was just so much to do, and so little time.

"Are you still in here daydreaming? Life used to be so much simpler when I could just curse you for laziness. Now that we're friends, I don't know-"


I laughed brightly and watched him over my shoulder. He was leaning against the doorframe, his arms over his well formed chest. He was smiling that bright smile right back at me, and I winked.


"You like being my friend," I retorted and watched him roll his eyes at me.

"I'd rather be your lover."

"Yeah, I know, but as much as I'd love to jump in bed with you and have my wicked way, I think there's more to you and me."


He breathed in deeply and glanced out of the narrow window. "I know, and you're right. Give us a kiss, and we'll try and finish this bloody house at a descent time."


"Yeah," I sighed against his lips and reveled for a moment in the softness and sweetness of his mouth. It definitely wouldn't do to rush something that could be great. Something that could be for life.

I hear my footsteps echo through the this entire side of the house. The walls had been made of wood and beams, and that's all gone now. I step lightly and carefully over stone ledges and a few remaining planks. There's ivy growing inside, and I can see that the doorway that used to lead to the master bedroom is overgrown with moss and other plants.

When I say it used to lead to the master bedroom, that's exactly what I mean. That whole part of the house is gone now. Blasted away by the explosion.

I slide my back down the wall and wave my Wand in the direction of the door frame, clearing my view to uncover fields of green grass and purple flowers.


The ground shook and a loud roar overwhelmed my senses. There were no cries, no screams, no nothing. Just that roaring that could be anything from wild beast to devouring flames.


"Draco!" I yelled, running through the hallway, trying to get through the falling rubble to the staircase. "Draco!"


No one replied, and when I reached the main staircase, I could see the fire, and feel its heat.


"Draco!"


I got outside, hoping he'd be out back, maybe jumped out a window when the explosion hit.



He wasn't there. A whole part of the house wasn't there.



And the flames.


"Draco!"

Two strong arms envelope