of time which he spent being a lazy slob he had always been. She probably had to do everything around the house as well as actually looking after the children.

 

He spotted Ginny in the crowd as well. She looked to be holding up a lot better than his other two friends. Being a very intelligent and much more bearable version of Ron, she was working as an Auror. The Auror office had ceased hunting all Dark wizards and was now used as a force to fight crime in general. It had been a very stupid misconception that only Dark wizard and Slytherins committed crimes and Harry was very glad to see it gone and the society put on the right path once again. Ginny seemed to be accompanying Luna Lovegood, who was wearing a big necklace made from walnuts, but otherwise seemed a lot more grounded to reality than he had last seen her. A small smile tugged at the corners of his lips – he had always liked the blonde Ravenclaw, who had accepted him even when she knew he was working with Voldemort. She didn’t support either side in the war and went by mainly ignoring politics. Seeing her with Ginny – he had guessed that they had returned to their relationship from school years. They had been going out for some time at Hogwarts, but then Ginny dated some boys for a few years, but never seriously. He was glad for the two of them to have a happy relationship. He didn’t have anything against Ginny or Luna and would gladly leave them alone, unless they interfered. 


 


He saw many more of his old acquaintances, friends and enemies, mingling and making small talk politely. He didn’t care about any of them though, so he wasn’t about to seek them out. Instead he sought out his lover, finding himself immensely bored.  Political parties weren’t really his thing. They were Voldemort’s thing. He danced among politicians with appealing words, wrapping them all around his little finger without them even knowing they had been manipulated. He made it look like child’s play.

 

He was speaking with some plain-looking but very old wizard with merely patches of gray hair when Harry approached him and gently nudged his elbow with his hand, standing close to whisper, “Let’s stir things up a bit.” Voldemort caught on instantly, even if he didn’t know what Harry had planned for the night.

 

“Mr. Ogden, allow me to introduce to you my partner, Harry Potter,” Voldemort said with pretence of politeness, but his eyes told a different story, looking smug and full of cruel amusement. It took Harry a moment to recall where he had heard the man’s name before…ah! He was one of Dumbledore’s oldest friends and supporters. His lips curled up into a smirk at the look of betrayal, shock and hurt in the old wizard’s eyes.

 

Mr. Ogden gasped, his eyes widening almost comically and he stood there, gaping at the two wizards in dumbfounded silence.

 

“Harry Potter… impossible!” he finally managed to get out, his shocked expression replaced by anger. Witches and wizards around them fell silent suddenly, everyone’s eyes snapping to the young wizard by their Minister’s side.

 

Harry grinned mischievously, moving his hair to the side to reveal the lighting bolt scar on his forehead.

 

“Hello Ladies and Gentlemen,” he drawled, letting his hair fall back down loosely.

 

“Harry Potter?!” a yell was heard from somewhere deep in the crowd and a few seconds later Ron and Hermione had emerged into the small empty space that had formed around Voldemort and Harry. The redhead still had crumbs all over his face.

 

Harry rolled his eyes. “Are you that shocked to see me? I’d thought that by now you would have learned that the Boy-Who-Lived simply doesn’t disappear and die.”

 

Hermione looked bewildered, while Ron went completely red with rage on his face, looking like a dried up tomato.

 

“You filthy traitor!” he bellowed at Harry, whipping out his wand without thinking. Too bad for him that the Ministry had been mostly converted to Voldemort’s followers, either out of fear or being smart enough to see that things really had improved since the Ministry had been rebuilt. Before Ron could even cast a spell, a dozen Aurors in the crowd had their wands trained on him, Ginny included. The man sent his sister a look of utmost betrayal, but she didn’t even bat an eyelash at the insults he shouted at her. Hermione had taken out her wand too, looking rather desperate, trying to shield her useless husband a bit. It wasn’t the cleverest thing to do, Harry mused. She could have got away unharmed, but it was too late now that she had pointed her wand at him.

 

“You’re under arrest for attempted assault on the Minister and Harry Potter,” one of the Aurors said. It was a tough-looking man who Harry recognised as one of Voldemort’s supporters.

 

Hermione and Ron moved to resist, but the Aurors were trained to capture people. In the blink of