the smug bastard. He's been so...

“Infuriating,” Tom breathes, leaning closer to him.

“Exactly,” Harry agrees and gets up quickly, not sure if he can keep from doing something tremendously stupid himself.  “There's something I've been meaning to ask you, actually.”

Tom's annoyance seems to take a backseat for a moment and he waits a moment for Harry to speak.

“Where do you see me in five, ten years?” he asks calmly and the calculating look which used to be ever present in his eyes is back again. “You don't... need to answer that. I honestly don't think you'd even thought that far ahead, other than about what the world will be like with you on top. Maybe you vaguely expected me to follow you wherever you would go. I don't think I can do that, Tom. You manipulated me under your thumb back at school. I didn't have any goals in life, I didn't have anything that could keep my interest... and you exploited that to suit yourself. You almost made me forget that I don't have to go along with everything you do. I've recently realized that what I want...” 

Harry pauses for a moment and his hand travels to his robe pocket to take out the ring that he'd kept since he stole it from the Charms professor all those years ago. Tom's ring.

“...Doesn't matter,” he mutters and places the ring on the table and withdraws a little. “I hope you find what you're looking when you're king of the world.” He cracks a smile and leaves quickly, not looking back at Tom's no doubt dumbfounded face.

 *

He tries to feign indifference to the Death Eater's movements, staying locked up in the Potter-Black manor to work on his book on using martial arts and magic for self defence and duelling. The research is going slowly and he feels like the walls are slowly closing in around his desk, urging him to get out there and do something. It's an altogether unfamiliar feeling. Before Tom, before he got swept off his feet by the attention the genius wizard paid him, he never used to feel anything so acutely. Nothing seemed to matter in the long run, so he'd rarely developed interest in anyone, either. But then he'd picked up the trail of the rising Dark Lord and suddenly his world began to spin at full speed. The obsession quickly overshadowed everything else and he'd forgotten how to be himself, merely following along with Tom's ambitions. Being so young and impressionable, he completely fell for the impressive and compelling Dark Lord.

He doesn’t want to be just another follower. Even if he has some privileges, even if Tom occasionally lets his guard down around him, it’s not enough anymore. Is it really so bad, to want to stand by Tom's side as an equal? He doesn’t want to be recognised only for the kill count on raids and for being good in bed. He once had thought that Tom understood and that he wanted him too... before it slowly, surely became obvious that it had all just been a mind game, a challenge to overcome. So it’s better to leave, to forget and sit this one out quietly, not picking sides. 

All that was easier said than done, considering he had used his dad's Invisibility Cloak to sneak into the ministry and killed Crabbe to save Tom's ass. He could only pretend to be impartial, when really; he'd been on Tom's side all along, intentionally or not.

Finally, Hermione is the one who manages to drag him outside. They meet at their regular coffee shop in Muggle London and Harry really wishes he'd stayed at home. Refusing in the first place would have been easier, even though he prefers to avoid confrontation of any sort. So much for keeping to himself and out of emotional drama, he thinks sarcastically. First Tom, now Hermione wants something. He just knows she's onto something, there's that little spark in her eyes like there always had been each time she had learned something new at school. Why she hadn't left him be after graduation, he has no idea, but clearly, she had assumed they became friends at some point and now continues to self-appointedly 'look out for him'. Her insistent prying into his private life really isn't welcome right now.

“Hello Harry,” she says by way of usual greeting, but the feeling... somehow isn’t in it. She sits down opposite him, pulling one of the two steaming drinks towards her.

“Hi,” he returns also less than enthusiastically.

“There's something I need to talk to you about,” she pushes straight to the subject, as bossy as ever. No wonder she never had any real friends all the way through school.

“Have you finally got funding for your muggleborn tracking