’s hips as the younger man moaned appreciatively.

 

Dumbledore shook his head, as if trying to shake off the truth, which was hitting him in the face.

 

“Yes, you old fool. You might have discovered him and thrown him in Azkaban and managed to drive me to the brink of death… but we’re so much stronger than that. Seven years is nothing in the face of immortality,” Voldemort showed a shiny ring with a black gem in the middle, adorning the index finger of his left hand. Dumbledore’s eyes widened with horror upon the realization and he finally accepted his defeat. He hadn’t won when he threw Harry in Azkaban those years ago. He had already lost; he just didn’t know it yet.

 

“Now that we are reunited, Harry, my love, would you like to finally have your revenge on the old fool?” Voldemort spoke into Harry’s ear, the corners of his lipless mouth turning up in a twisted smile, which made Dumbledore shiver and struggle against his restraints. Harry purred happily at the close contact with his lover, but freed himself of the arms around him. 

 

“It’s useless, Dumbledore. You will pay for your idiocy tonight,” he said, walking up closer to the man. “You thought you could mould me for your twisted purposes, to be your perfect little weapon. All that accomplished was making me hate Muggles more and more every year you forced me to go back to that filthy place,” Harry leaned in so close that Dumbledore could see his own frightened, old face reflecting in those sparkling green orbs. “Voldemort is the best thing that has happened to me my whole life and since I turned away from you I’ve been happier than ever. Even Azkaban couldn’t break me,” his dirty teeth flashed in a grin. “Though admittedly, it wasn’t all ponies and rainbows. I wonder, have you ever actually been to Azkaban? Have you heard the hoarse screams in the darkest hour of the night as the Dementors suck out the very life from the only human being within close proximity? Then the screams stop and even when the soul has died, the sobbing and shaking of the body doesn’t cease. They sit there lifelessly, staring at you with empty, wide eyes, never moving,” his voice dropped to a mere whisper which for some reason sounded louder than a scream in the heavy silence of the room. “It’s terrifying,” Harry flashed him another insane grin and Dumbledore realized that Azkaban had only made the fearless monster within the young man stronger. He swallowed thickly, knowing he had made a terrible mistake, which would cost him his life.

 

“But enough of the small talk. You will die now. Say hi to Snape and the Dursleys in hell. Tell them that Harry sends his love,” he laughed at the top of his lungs and Voldemort joined in, showing his forked tongue with amusement. It doesn’t last long and Dumbledore knows his time is up.

 

 

*

 

 

Slashing his wand through the air in quick motions, Harry cuts the old man’s flesh, creating small patterns of bloody gashes. He giggles at the sigh and turns around to steal a chaste kiss from his lover’s lipless mouth, before turning back to Dumbledore, whose eyes were closed, his face wet with silent tears, his wrinkled hand forming fists as he braced himself against the pain in his whole body. But Harry was far from done. He didn’t spend seven years doing nothing. He had come up with a list of inventive and interesting curses he would cast on the man who had taken away his childhood. He boiled the blood in the man’s veins and burned the nerves in his skin. He twisted bones in and out of the broken body, amused by the cracking sounds of ribs breaking. His magic crackled around him happily as he poured more and more into the spells, breaking, slashing, burning.

 

“He’s dead, Harry,” Voldemort whispers in his ear, snapping Harry’s furious concentration.

 

“Oh…” he says ever-so-eloquently, staring at the mangled corpse in front of him. “I hope his wretched soul burns in hell, if such a place exists,” he says spitefully, not relinquishing the tight hold on his wand.

 

“I thought we’ve already agreed that Muggle beliefs are stupid and pointless,” Voldemort chuckles, circling around his lover predatorily. Harry growls.

 

“And yet I hope he suffers for all eternity and more.”

 

“I understand, he screwed with my life almost as much as he had with yours,” Voldemort steps up close to him, their noses mere centimetres apart. Harry’s breath is shallow and he leans into his lover’s chest, waves of tiredness and pain washing over his whole body. Azkaban hadn’t broken his mind, but it broke his body. He knows he is deathly thin, the joints and bones in his whole body hurt and even breathing involves a lot of effort. He had almost forgotten about it when he got carried away, all his concentration