cave entrance, swirling, false wind bringing with it tired limbs, warm-safe-hollow, let head sag just so, eyes fall closed.  She fights it, claws piercing rock, the hard slap of her wings against the cave wall, her tail thrashing.  Fire swells up her throat and curls against the roof of her mouth before streaming out in a wild burst.  She follows the fire, does not fear what is hers to own, will not let these heart-of-dragons near her young, her fire and ash to be.

Her head clears the cave, bursting through the lingering swell of fire.  She shrieks at the sight of the interlopers, a high, keening knife of sound that leaves the air humming where it touches her scales.  She lunges for the closest, a flash of color, the bitter sweet scent of magic and prey.

Pain explodes in her eyes, the suddenness of it snapping her head around, wings slapping the air.  Her tail whips around and smashes through rock.  Something screams and the scent of fresh blood is heavy, warm, draws her lips back from her teeth in a satisfied hiss in spite of the pain.

She cannot see but she can smell them, hear their strange calls as they scurry around her.  More flame pours from her mouth, her eyes throbbing, making her twist and thrash as she tries to escape, to get away but also to hurt, to protect the mouth of the cave tucked behind her.  The air swells, heavy and thick with magic yet to come, her flaming snarl spilling sulfur and brimstone until there is nothing beyond pain, heat, fear, rage.

She is hit from all sides, explosions of power that are nothing like the clash of scales, no teeth or claws to fight, wings fluttering helplessly.  The world fades as she falls, a high whine building as the fire dies in her throat.

When she wakes the pain is gone, replaced with a cold that seeps between her scales, licks at the fire of her heart.  She smells the bitter-sharp brimstone and flame of other dragons, hears their roars and shrieks, is helpless to do anything but answer them.  She snarls at them, the closest sun on rolling hills of green scales, pulls at that which holds her, sharp clicks that rest so very cold against her scales.  Bitter salt on flowers are everywhere, crawling, soft creatures that watch her, smelling of magic and fear. 

The others are dams-to-be, dull scent of fire and ash to be muted by the shell lingering between them all.  They shriek and call, want their young, to escape the cold.  She claws the ground, pulls and thrashes, high keens that split the cold and send the bitter salt on flowers scurrying about her.  She wants her young, can smell the dry curve of their shells if she lifts her head just so.  They are close, so close but she cannot find them, cannot reach them.  Sun on rolling hills of green snarls at her, and she snarls back, tail whipping around to puncture soft dirt with her spikes. 

Too many dams-to-be, poachers, death-bringers who do not want to share the world with her fire and ash to be.  She wants to tear at their scales, drive them from this place of everlasting cold, protect her young if only she can find them.  The crawling, chirping heart-of-dragons gather around her twisting, shrieking form, gathering power around them.  She lunges but is brought up short, can only roar defiance as she is once more brought low, the cold dirt pressing against the thin scales along her jaw.

When she wakes the scent of bitter salt on flowers is overwhelming, a low thunder of noise coming from all directions.  It makes her spines bristle, wings stretching as she rises, but before she stands she stops, a low croon of surprise as she smells the dry curve of fire and ash to be.  She sweeps her head over the eggs, humming as she counts, each one dry and sharp but different, settles back into place when she finds none missing.  There is one that is cold, not one of her fire and ash to be that she pushes away from the others, hisses at it before dismissing it. 

She hisses at the endless roar of sound, flame curling at the edges of her teeth when another scent catches her attention.  Slewing her head around she sniffs the ground near her eggs, snarls when she smells other dragons.  She moans, a low sound of pain, fear, terror, jerks her head back from the scent of fire and ash to be exposed to the world before time was right, the cloying scent of death. 

She curls tighter around her young, wings pressed tight to her back, spiked tail pushing her eggs closer to the soft heat of her belly.  Bitter salt on flowers are all around, there is no where she can go, something heavy fastened around her neck, bruising the scales beneath her chin and crest of spines.  She cannot fight, her searing breath will not reach from where she is crouched amongst them