Yes, professor." Yes, but he was doing it anyway, which meant he should be bleeding. That or the house had best be on fire.

Severus groaned darkly, and turned from his cauldron, casting a holding spell over the mess mid boil. Draco could tell he was in for it, at least until Severus's eyes met his, and then, then Draco knew he had him.

Licking his lips, Draco drew in a breath and then dropped to his knees slowly before he began to crawl forward, his tail twitching behind him, ears perked forward with kittenish interest. This was a sure bet for dragging Severus back to himself most times, but he tried not to pull it out of his little bag of tricks until he had no other choice. He was desperate, so crawling naked across the floor with his tail twitching was actually a good plan, an excellent plan, particularly given the way Severus was watching him. He gave a quiet cluck of his tongue. "You'll scrape your knees."

Maybe. Probably, even, but he didn't give a damn, just moved closer and closer, back swaying with motion, and when he reached Severus, he sat up, lapped a tongue across the back of one wrist and smiled invitingly. "Meow." Silly, so silly, but also... fun and appealing and he could tell that Severus liked it.

The edge of his mouth quirked -- while he was still fighting it, he was also losing. "The lab is no place for a cat."

Leaning in, Draco rubbed against his leg, arm brushing at him through robes and trousers. It was a little too cool, that was true, and if something spilled it might be disastrous, but it was worth taking the chance. He mewled again and pressed himself a bit closer, tail twitching behind him.

"Merlin." Severus sighed, and crouched down carefully, fingers moving immediately to one soft furred ear. The purr he gave was in no way a pretense; that felt much too wonderful for him to do anything but respond, lean into the touch and look up at Severus before putting one curled hand up on his thigh.

"Wait for me outside. I'll clean up and come out of the lab." Which wasn't as much fun as being fucked over a worktable, but Severus said it while still stroking at his ear, so he'd obviously hit the right button. Leaning up, he licked Severus's stained fingers delicately, nuzzling them and then turning slowly, reluctantly, glancing over his shoulder with a saucy sort of invitation as he slunk his way towards the door.

It would be worth the scraped knees.

He headed for the library because the main chair was comfortable and he rather liked being fucked in it if he couldn't have a work table. Draco wasn't there long before he heard Severus coming down the hallway.

There was a familiar rhythm to it, the way he walked, steady, brisk, purposeful. He had always sounded like that to Draco's recollection, and he hummed in appreciation, curling himself in the chair and allowing his tail to twitch-twitch-twitch with the anticipation.

He didn't look up when Severus closed the door behind himself, just waited to feel fingers lingering at the back of his neck, stroking slowly down his spine. It had to feel good -- soft skin, fur blending in where his tail moved involuntarily with pleasure at the way Severus skritched gently, making him moan in pleasure. It was quite enjoyable for him, and he would do it more often, but then it might lose the power it had to drag Severus out of a Mood, and that wasn't worth it. It was much better to hold it as a tool -- and a very effective tool, from the way Severus lifted his fingers, curled them behind his ear. "Sit up."

Up, and he lifted onto his knees, making a little noise of pleasure at the steady rub of Severus's thumb. Oh, that was... yes. Yes, and he whimpered, thrusting his head into that caress more firmly.

Severus shifted, slipping and forcing himself in between Draco and the chair, easing in comfortably. "Hmn. My unexpected lap-Draco."

In all honesty, the idea of a lap-dragon was ridiculous, and yet. It was delicious, curling into that warm lap, all soft sounds and flickering furry ears and tail, allowing Severus to pet him. It felt wonderful, and he didn't bother to stop the little pleasured sounds he made. There was no point, and if it helped things along, well. All to the good. He liked being petted, regardless of the circumstances. He liked being petted by Severus, liked the way his long, stained fingers lingered reverently against his skin, liked the added side to side motion that touch took on when he had ears and a tail.

He was warm and ridiculously happy this way. He made no bones about it, and his tail whipped, wrapping around Severus's wrist and rubbing happily