wand."

Huh. That was unexpected, but Draco did all the same -- twelve inches, heart pine, unicorn hair core, an adequate replacement for his first wand. His hand shook unexpectedly as he did so, because the sight of it was so out of place in that smaller grasp. "Yes, Professor."

It had been years, and years, and Severus snatched it from his fingers, a warm brush of fingers against fingers. "Now, stand up and lean over the desk."

Licking his lips, he looked at Severus, brows knitting together. "Lean over the desk, sir?"

"Lean over the desk, Mr. Malfoy." So simple, but Draco felt thrilled, because it had never happened to him before when he'd actually been that age. Severus had lurked and called him into his office and talked and given him treats pulled out of a drawer. Never told him to bend over a desk the better to present his ass.

He swallowed in an attempt to seem reluctant and then obediently spread himself over the top of the thing. His toes barely touched the floor when he leaned over it, and it tightened his trousers across his bottom and around his thighs. "Y-yes, Professor."

Fingers pinched his ass after a moment, and he heard Severus sigh. "So lovely. It won't take long to warm up something this pert."

Warm up? Oh, that hadn't been in the plan at all, at least not to his way of thinking, and a shiver of shock rippled through him, his head jerking around to look back at Severus with wide gaze. "S-sir?"

"You don't think your punishment is just that I stand behind here feeling you like an orange?" He lifted an eyebrow at Draco, and the coldness in his eyes cut Draco to the bone. It made him breathe in sharply and tremble, awash with a flood of strange hormones that he hadn't felt since he'd been much younger.

Somehow, he managed to swallow. "No, Professor."

"Just as well." He was surprised when he felt Severus reach underneath of him, unfastening his trousers beneath which he had nothing but skin. "Hitch up your robe."

There was no stopping the whimper that brooked from him, but it didn't affect his ability to obey. God, it was dirty. He'd had fantasies like this, found it difficult to rise and walk out of Severus's classroom, been so grateful that they all wore robes and he never had to worry about anyone catching him walking around hard after potions class. His fingers scrabbled, tugged at the material, pulling until it was situated across the small of his back in a bunch.

Robes up and trousers down, up on his toes with the table pressed hard against his belly. Severus sighed, and stretched his fingers over his ass. "Lovely. Perfect, pert."

Oh god. Merlin, but he was hard, his dick rubbing against the desk, and Draco whimpered again and snuck a glance back over his shoulder helplessly. "Sir."

"You never admire yourself in a mirror?" He was smiling at Draco before he landed the first hard smack against one cheek.

Oh. Oh. He panted after that first strike, body shivering in reaction. "Professor!" Of course he admired himself, endlessly. He'd love to have mirrors in their bedroom so that he could see himself riding Severus's cock, and more than anything, he wished for mirrors now so that he could see himself young and innocent and being punished for some imaginary infraction.

It was something he could ask for another time. "You're not nearly sorry." Another hard stinging smack to the other cheek. He couldn't help pushing his hips forward for that delicious contact, or the way that he rubbed his face against his arm and whined. No, he wasn't sorry at all. He wouldn't have been sorry back then, either.

He wouldn't have gotten two more hard smacks, and then the point of a wand pressed against his asshole and a quietly whispered spell.

It was so good that things had changed.

Somehow, he managed a wrenching sob and something like a struggle, never mind how much he wanted it. "Professor! Please!" Please, please, please. Please more, please now, please hard. Another firm pinch at his ass, and Draco was nearly humping the table before he felt Severus come up behind him, felt the brush of fabric against his thighs. "Professor, I don't think this is any sort of approved punishment..." His voice was thin and high-pitched, sounding almost afraid where it was stretched thin with desire.

"No it is not. Not that the approved punishments are better." He felt Severus pushing against him, and he inhaled sharply at the sudden pressure, shaking in a way he hadn't in... a very long time. The tension of it was hard, and it felt so much bigger than normal; not that Severus was in any