.

"Why am I not dead yet?" he asks, closing his eyes, keeping my safe from their accusing glare for a few short seconds. He looks so broken, yet ready for a fight to the death.

No, not ready, not ready by any stretch of the imagination, with his pale complexion and his bony cheeks. He could hardly stand on his feet if he had to, but he'd fight. I know he would. He'd fight until his last breath, and he's ready to die fighting. Expecting it even.

"We're all trying very hard to keep you alive, Potter."

Confusion flashes through his eyes and I can see his mind rattling for answers, trying to figure it all out.

"Why?"

"We're not done with you, we're not giving up on your mind yet."

"You won't get in, Snape taught me. There's no way you or that son of a bitch Voldemort are going to break through my barriers!"

That same fury as earlier brightens his green eyes to an almost fluorescent shade of acid green. I wonder if it's his magic, being bound like his body, but trying to get out.

I can't blame him. I'd be mad with anger if I were going through what he's going through.

"Where's the bastard anyway? Hmmm? Thought he'd drop by to try some of his usual taunts."

I take another deep breath and hold it in as long as I can, past the point where my lungs become uncomfortable with the lack of oxygen. The pressure in my nose almost makes me sneeze and I breathe out.

"I've got to go, Potter, hang in there."

With a few short strides I walk out the door and listen as the Wards on his room flick back into place.

"Mr Malfoy, a moment please?"

Healer Greenberg gestures me into the observation room and I watch through the shimmering wall as Harry retreats back into himself. After a moment the door opens and an orderly walks in with a Healer. They remove the Magical straightjacket and check his vitals before leaving the room.

Harry gets up and moves to the Window, pressing his somewhat dirty fingers against the shiny sill, smudging it, before wiping it clean with the sleeve of his plain white shirt.

I can't hear him from here, but I know what he's muttering. 'Dirty, dirty, dirty.' It's his mantra when he doesn't know I'm in the room.

"Mr Malfoy, I watched your visit from here, and I couldn't help but overhear," Healer Greenberg starts, but I interrupt him.

"You mean to say you eavesdropped."

"Yes, well, I noticed you telling him you've not given up on his mind yet."

"Stranger things have happened." I look away from the man and watch Harry rocking back and forth.

"Mr Malfoy, Harry is extremely schizophrenic, has no conception of reality and seems to be stuck in a constant loop of traumatic events. He's unreachable. We've tried everything, but his Occlumency is too strong, and due to his paranoia, we cannot get him to trust us enough to let down his barriers."

"Yeah, well, he thinks you're all Death Eaters, doesn't he? Of course he won't trust you."

"We are aware, Mr Malfoy. However, knowing doesn't change the fact that we have no way to treat him."

I sit down on a wooden chair, leaning my forehead against the shimmering wall.

"He almost seems normal when I'm in the room with him. He's starting to trust me, you know? He's trusted me before." I swallow thickly, knowing that my words are nothing but make belief and hopeful imagination.

"I'm not telling you to give up on him, however I am telling you to prepare for the possibility he's lost to us forever."

"Have you even figured out why he is the way he is in the past few months?" I ask, because I've hardly spoken to the Healers since we brought him in. I leave that up to aunt Andromeda and Molly Weasley. They are the mother hens. I'm just the delusional boyfriend.

Or maybe the delusional boyfriend would be him.

He's been here for six months, and before that he was with me at Grimmauld place for a year, where we all hoped he'd just snap out of it eventually.

"There's no way to tell. It might be something You-Know-Who did during their battle, or maybe it's a pre-existing condition that was aggravated through trauma. There's also the possibility that it's just trauma itself."

Healer Greenberg sits down calmly on another chair and folds his hands in his lap. I can feel his eyes on me.

I don't get it. I hate the bloody war