will.

He was aware, but not really alert. Severus had discussed quills and inks, and he had listened but he hadn't imagined what it would feel like to have the soft dry nib, a little sharp, scrape in smooth motion over his pectoral. His nipple perked in reaction, and he held still, very still, trying not to move despite the fact that he quite clearly wanted to do just that -- move, shift, shimmy, and if he had been hard before, it was nothing quite like now, this moment when it all coalesced into something quite real.

"Shhh." He didn't explicitly silence Draco, so he wasn't sure if that was a suggestion, an order, or an attempt at soothing. The slow scratching continued. "Where did you get this scar from?"

The memory was just as sharp as it had been the day he had gotten it. He had been standing in the girls' lavatory, sweaty and shaken and in tears, and Potter had come in with his righteous fury and his wand, and Draco had reacted immediately out of fear and shame and who the fuck knew what else. "You were there." It wasn't the proper answer, and he knew it. "Harry Potter."

He felt the careful scratching of quill against skin, and the flourish of the end of a signature. "He left you with a great many scars that day. Some that can't be reached with a quill."

Yes, there had been, but Severus had been there and he had thought quickly, had healed him before the worst set in and raised, twisted along the furrows Potter had left on him. Draco's pale skin had always scarred, pale on pale so that it could barely be seen, but those scars had been made of red angry ridges. It had taken months for them to become white, raised lines. "Yes."

He felt the quill nib against the next mark on his body, slow moving, and then the one after that. "You still wish you could do things to him for that."

"Yes." Yes and yes and yes again, and yet he was also pathetically grateful to Potter as well. He had defeated the Dark Lord, made it possible for the world to change and Draco with it. On the other hand, there were the scars, the fact that Severus had been left for dead. Some scars could never be erased.

"We'll deal with that another day." There was a jagged line on his hip, and he felt the light  pressure of the nib there as well. "And this...?"

When he blinked, it surprised him to find that his lashes and cheeks were damp. The definitive placement of that handwriting, the name Severus flowing over his scars, it made him feel so much. Memories, yes, but he was making claims over them, and it was cathartic and erotic and fucking Merlin, Draco knew that he was meant for this. Meant to be here this way, meant to belong to him, and he somehow managed to stutter the answer without moaning. "Aunt Bellatrix."

"Her end was too good." He felt the slow slid of a thumb beneath the ink line, at the edge of the scar, and then the brush of lips against the mark as well. No amount of pulling at his wrists would get him more or less sensation than he was getting just then, faint and intense as it was.

He was hard and shivering, watching Severus intently. There was no way to deny the sharp upwelling of emotion as he did, and he curled his fingers into his palms and let out a ragged breath. "Yes." Yes to everything, to anything, to whatever he wanted.

Severus's mouth tugged into a smile, still bent over Draco, tracing a line with his finger along the inside of Draco's thigh just then, over a small dent of a scar. "Ah, this one I remember. Fell off your broom and onto a bench before there was any school to send you off to..."

Dobby had been in hysterics over it, too, slamming his head into the wrought iron of the thing as though drenching it in the blood of a house elf might turn back time. The touch tickled just a bit, and Draco gave a breathy laugh. "Worth it."

The sky had been amazing, clear deep blue, and he had wanted to touch it so badly that he had taken his toy broom much higher than it ever should have gone. It had been worth it.

"I know." He knew, and that signing seemed to have a little more relish in it, because yes, that was what Draco liked, enjoyed best and didn't have any horrible memories attached to. Flying was always good, even when crashing came at the end of it. Severus was like flying to him, and he laughed again, just because it felt good. The scroll of ink against his skin, the caress of potion-stained fingers, all of it. Every moment of it, and a shiver