still wearing a cool smile. He turned it on the adder in his hand.

“ That’s quite enough, Blackscale.”

XXX 

“You- you speak parseltongue, Professor?”

“I do. Something I picked up in my travels. It has its uses, as I’m sure you can attest.”

Quirrel passed Blackscale back to her. Harry took him with numb hands, returning him to around her neck. Blackscale no longer hung limply; he was coiled now, attentive to the wizard in the room.

“Now, Harry, how would you like to summon snakes as well? It normally picks the closest living serpent, but with a bit of practice, you’ll be able to leave your familiar alone.”

It was a tempting proposal. But it wasn’t really a choice was it?

Not because this was detention, but because Quirrel’s smile was plastic and fake, and she couldn’t forget the way his magic had enveloped her before.

Harry nodded slowly. “Alright, sir.”

XXX 

“Hold your wand a bit higher. The motion is- close. Right there. An S-shape. Childish, I know, but it was designed to be idiot-proof. Do that five times or so. Until you’ve got the feel for it.”

Quirrel circled her. He was walking and talking once again, but it was all around her this time. Every time he moved, passing out of her sight, Harry tightened up. It was involuntary. Tensing for a blow that had yet to come.

“Long curve at the top of the S. Better. Start over. Now, focus. The intent is the important part. The wand motion is just window dressing.”

Harry looked up, eyes wide, her terror momentarily broken. “I’d been wondering that.”

“Most wizards are simply too incompetent for anything more than the very basics.” Quirrel’s eyes glittered, catching the torchlight as he turned to speak to her. “All that truly matters is intent and power. That is why magic is the purest strength there is.”

A pause.

“Cast now. Show me your strength.”

When she moved, it was not for him. Quirrel was right- magic was strength, but her magic was hers. Not his. Not the Dursleys. Not all the people who adored her for something her wasn’t.

Letting him have that would be handing over the one thing that was truly hers in this world.


No.


Harry drew the sign in the air, using her wand like a conductor’s baton. Her magic welled up within, surging like white fire, hot enough she thought her breath would ripple in the air, and vast enough there was a sudden flash of fear- a mortal body couldn’t hold this in.

She needed a snake. A snake that wasn’t Blackscale. The snake needed to be here. Right here. Right now. Right now. She needed. She WANTED. 


 “Serpensortia!”


XXX

A tiny, green grass snake wound between her fingers, tongue flicking out to kiss her fingertips.

Quirrel held out his hand for it. Harry hesitated for a moment before letting the serpent slide from her palm to his.

“Most children wouldn’t be able to cast that so quickly.”

“Is she going to be okay?” Harry asked, indicating the grass snake.

Quirrel raised an eyebrow. “I will return her to where she came from. The spell for that is, oddly enough, more advanced.”

“Oh.”

He snapped his fingers and with a pop, the grass snake vanished. “Would you like to learn it?”

She went still.

This had been detention. She’d had to be here. But any more would be on her own.

With him.

Quirrel was still an unknown quantity. He went out of his way to teach her an incredible spell, but also did things with his magic, and the way his personality had shifted was downright eerie.

She knew nothing about him, and he seemed to know everything about her.

He was a parselmouth too- and wasn’t that supposed to be really rare? And genetic, not learned? Padma had said that. She needed to talk to Blackscale about this.

“Why? Why- all of this?” she said, surprising herself with her sudden directness.

For the first time, something genuine crept into his smile. “I enjoy teaching. And you seem to be a more apt pupil than most of your peers.” Quirrel turned and began walking to his desk. “If you have misgivings, feel free to think on them. If you would like to return… I have office hours every day from three to six.”

He shuffled through a few of the pages before looking up at her. “You may leave at any time.”

“Oh. Ah- goodnight, Professor.”

Harry grabbed her bag, pocketed her wand, and made for the door.

“Miss Riddle.”

His voice stopped her with her hand on the knob.

“You wear the name well.”

XXX

Time rolled onward.