his racing heart and will down his semi-hard cock.  He didn’t need to get himself hurt because he wasn’t paying attention.  A few deep breaths later, he let Sid know he was ready and he got himself into position.

Jensen intentionally avoided looking in Misha’s direction when Sid shifted the lever to edge Larry onto high speed.  The difference was obvious but manageable.  He had to work at keeping himself seated on the bull this time, which would make the take look realistic.  When the bull slowed at the end of the eight seconds, he was hopeful they could finish in one take.  His thighs were beginning to ache from clenching, and his arm was getting tired from being held up so long.  He was reminded yet again that he was no longer twenty-two.

There was some shuffling around before the next ride as the crew got ready to film.  Jensen chanced a peek at Misha and was surprised to see the man no longer there.  Deciding that was probably for the best, he centered all of his focus on getting the scene done in one take.  One of the stylists came over to brush some powder on his face and fluff up his hair.  Then, it was only a matter of minutes before the scene was called and Jensen rode his ride like the pro-Cowboy Dean would try to be.  As an afterthought, he flopped backwards as the bull slowed, knowing it would stretch his shirt across his abs and show off his belt buckle.  It seemed right in the moment, like something Dean would do.  Whether they’d use it or not, who knew. 

After catching his breath, Jensen rolled to the side just in time to see a mop of dark hair disappear out the door.  He kept rolling until he landed flat on his back on the safety mat that occupied the section of the bar that surrounded the mechanical bull.

“Hey, John?  Am I good for a while?”  Jensen groaned, really starting to feel some muscles he didn’t know he had as he struggled to get to his feet.

“For sure!  You’ve got at least a couple of hours until we need you again.  We’ve got lunch and then Jared’s coverage.  I’ll watch the time and sent one of the PA’s over when I’ve got a better estimate,” John replied, already nose deep in the script for the next scene.

Jensen scrambled off the uneven mat and wandered over to the bar to grab a bottle of water.  As he walked he reached around to pull his phone out of his back pocket.  He swiped the screen and saw he had a couple of texts from Danneel just to say hi and wish him luck with Larry, a missed call from his agency, and a text from Misha. 

Your trailer – M

The last flushed look on Misha’s face, the clenched fist, the roll of his hips came flooding back and Jensen didn’t need to be told twice.  He stuffed the phone back in his pocket, took a giant swig of water, and strode purposely out towards his trailer.

The man in question was sitting on the unmade bed, nose buried in something on his phone.  Jensen dropped his own phone and keys on the counter and strolled over, enjoying the indignant look on Misha’s face when he grabbed the offending phone out of his hand and pushed him backwards, easily straddling his thighs.  He held the phone high up in the air, out of Misha’s reach.

“Oh my God, Jen.  I’ve seen you in that exact position so many times today,” Misha teased, clearly enjoying the view of Jensen in such a familiar pose.  “Thighs clenched, arm in the air showing off the lines of your body.  I swear you were just doing it to make me crazy.”  He punched the last few words with a slight roll of his hips, apparently just to make his point.

Misha’s tone had changed from light and teasing to suggestive and heated.  Jensen tossed the phone to the side and leaned down to bracket Misha’s head with his arms.

 “Well, I would say I did it all for you, Dmitri, but since you weren’t supposed to be on set today…”  Jensen’s train of thought was interrupted when Misha swallowed, highlighting his unshaven jaw. Inhaling Misha’s scent as he leaned in, Jensen relished the feel of Misha’s whiskers tickling his chin and cheeks.  He nipped and licked his way around the shell of Misha’s ear and then down the side of his neck to where his shirt collar halted his progress.  Sitting back up, he worked the buttons on Misha’s shirt, reclaiming a little of his power of speech as he did so.

“So, yeah.  Uh, why are you here anyway?”

Misha’s breaths grew shorter as Jensen’s feather light touches flicked his shirt buttons open.  “Uh, needed to drop some Nexus paperwork off at the border. Figured I’d stop by and see you.”

Jensen pressed the heel of his palm into the