clavicle, softly scratching with his chin until he reached a firm nipple, wasting no time catching it between his teeth and biting down gently.

Jensen cried out at the pain and pleasure of it. “Shit! Yessss!” He was so fucking thankful Misha knew not to be gentle with him after so long. He’d need softness later, and Jensen knew he’d get it, but right now he wanted to feel it. He was desperate and aching and he craved hard and raw.

Misha had worked his way down to Jensen’s hip bones, leaving whisker burn and teeth marks in his wake. Jensen was rock hard against his stomach and leaking a wet spot on his boxer briefs, but Misha just ignored his cock for now, choosing instead to switch sides and give the other hip the same treatment. Once Jensen was marked up to his satisfaction, Misha tugged the waistband of his briefs as her went and nuzzled his prickly chin over Jensen’s balls wasting no time in licking a stripe up the underside of his cock.

“Fuck. I will never not be surprised by that fucking tongue, baby,” Jensen groaned. “It’s almost as long as my dick!”

Misha chuckled around the tip of Jensen’s rigid cock as he mouthed around the top, tonguing at the slit, obviously enjoying the breathy moans he was eliciting from Jensen at his actions. “Sounds like that’s a compliment to both of us,” he replied, before sucking Jensen all the way down to the base.

Jensen had to fist his hands into the sheets to stop himself from thrusting into the warm suction of Misha’s wicked mouth. He knew Misha could take it, hell, he knew Misha loved it when Jensen fucked up into his face, but Misha hadn’t asked yet and Jensen would try to hold back until he did.

He glanced up to see Misha staring at him, blue eyes dark with lust. Jensen could feel the heat starting to pool in his belly from just watching the mop of sex-crazed dark hair bobbing up and down leaving his dick damp with saliva and Misha’s lips moist and stretched wide.

Before Jensen could get too caught up in the repetitiveness of one sensation, he a felt the pad of finger press firmly against his hole. There was no attempt to push inside, just a firm pressure – a solid presence of, yes. Yes, right there.

Misha pulled off, fisting Jensen’s cock instead to free up his mouth and worked his way down to suck each of Jensen’s balls into his mouth, circling them one at a time with his talented tongue and surrounding them with warm, wet heat. Jensen groaned at the roughness of Misha’s stubble against his perineum, sensitivity overload making it difficult to articulate what he wanted – but Misha knew. Misha always knew. The long, slender fingers surrounding his cock stopped stroking, leaving him sitting wet and heavy against his belly and suddenly there were two strong, eager hands on the flesh of his ass spreading him wide.

Jensen held his breath. They’d only done this once before and it had blown him away, sending him into almost instantaneous orgasm as soon as Misha had reached up and nudged his dick. Eager at the prospect, Jensen scrambled to turn over. Even as Misha maneuvered their limbs into place he was shoving his own underwear down – apparently glad to be rid of them.

Jensen was soon feeling the insistent tug of his elastic waist band being pulled over his cheeks and the warmth of their cocoon was lost into the room. The cooler air hitting his cheeks was a rush of sensation. Spreading his knees apart to make room for Misha, he arched his back and pulled his ass into the air. He didn’t consider the neediness of the act; he didn’t have to. That was one thing he’d grown to love about being with Misha, there was simply no shame. Misha encouraged his desires without judgement or preconceived ideas and he lived to bring them both pleasure.

“Please, Mish,” Jensen keened, feeling his ass quiver in anticipation. He could feel his friend leaning up over him and heard Misha let out a soft rumble of contented laughter as he scritched his beard over ready cheek mounds.

Jensen snickered, though the sound was muffled in his pillow, fueled by his lover’s playful mood. He felt strong hands clamp down and shove him into the mattress and waited for what he knew was coming – a warm, wet tongue dragging down between his cheeks.

He was putty now, putty in Misha’s capable hands. He let his limbs go numb as he felt his underwear tugged the rest of the way down his legs. Then a shot of electricity shot up his spine as he felt fingers peeling his cheeks apart.

A moment later, the scruff was back. It tickled its way up his inner thighs and prickled the tender skin of his perineum before hot breath finally passed over his hole. Beneath him, pressed into the bedding, his cock pulsed with excitement as a flicking of tongue teased his entrance and he felt his hole twitching in response