hey, perhaps he'd like to test that authority out on him...

Well, that was an interesting thought right there.

Alistair lay back on his bedroll and drowsily fantasized. They were the last two, who better to turn to? He would broach the subject one night by the fire. Maybe he'd take him a rose. No, no he'd laugh. He didn't want people to laugh like that at him.

He didn't really expect to wake up to a dark shadow in the tent, darker than the dull dark of the campfire, a moving shadow, and he would've yelled -- loudly, in a manly fashion of course -- if there hadn't been a hand over his mouth.

There might have bit of a manly flail, because even when he realized who it was from the gleam of long blond hair and the exotic facial tattoos, this was not a particularly comforting thought. The Antivan was an assassin and this easy come easy go attitude to loyalty, it wasn't something he could get his head around. There was only one reason Zevran could have to be in his tent and that was to kill him!

"Shhh, shh, no need to cause a ruckus…" Zevran was lying down on top of him, and oh god he was going to smother him.

"Mmph!" Alistair managed which was actually in his head 'Zevran what by all the hells are you doing? Oh Maker, don't cut off anything I might need!'

"Shhhh. I only want to… test my skills." He finally moved his hand off of Alistair's mouth.

"Pardon me if I don't find that particularly reassuring," Alistair hissed back in a bare whisper, "Because last I heard your skills were as an  assassin."

"Yes, and I pick locks as well. I have been thinking of your particular lock here. And can you blame me?" It didn't surprise Alistair when Zevran put a hand over his groin.

"Oh, hey, whoa, well that's interesting." He could throw Zevran, he out-massed him, but right now he was paralyzed by the touch over that area. "Uh, you know, it's a magic lock and I know you keep telling everyone you've got magic fingers and, you know, offering back rubs and any type of rub you think you can get, but... Templar lock."

"All the more reason I want to try to get through it," Zevran drawled. "How long has it been, uhm?"

"How do you even know about it?" Alistair asked belatedly. Zevran was fiddling with it. That caused all sorts of interesting sensations as the cage around his cock suddenly felt very constrictive and... nice.

"I've watched you. Luridly I might add. It's very easy, to watch you." The edge of his mouth was curling up wickedly.

"Well watching is one thing and... Uh, what you're doing there is something else!" Alistair's voice rose a little. "You know, I do have my virtue and, well uh..." It did seem a little ridiculous now he came to say it aloud.

"Your virtue. Yes, I have considered that. It would be an honor to take it from you." Like his virginity was so much as picking a pocket!

"Yes, but..." Alistair began. "Do I get a choice in this? Or is this how you get your reputation? I thought you were too busy watching Wynne's bosom. You talk about it often enough. She must be three times your age and you're still flirting."

"She's a very buxom woman," Zevran shrugged. "Wise as well, and wise old buxom women still enjoy hearing that they have nice bosoms. Particularly when it's true." In with the chatter, he was definitely stroking his hand around the magicked metal.

"Uh, look, not that what you're doing doesn't stir up some interest down there, but it's not comfortable interest and you can't break the lock. I'd rather not have a night of compressed balls, so..." Alistair paused as he looked at what Zevran's fingers were actually doing. "Wow, that's uh... well, how do your fingers move like that?

"Years of work. Excuse me, I have to see what I'm doing as well as feel it." Then Zevran was sliding down his body and oh, his mouth was far too close to Alistair's trapped and now trying to get free cock.

This was pretty much what they had been completely forbidden to do. Messed with the training, the Templars said. Couldn't knock out a Mage's magic without it. No one had explained why and let's face it, he was a warrior now. Losing that ability didn't seem a bad trade from the way that Zevran was fondling his cock, pressing deep against the tight fitting cage. He wasn