his tongue in a delicious but agonizing dance around my pulsating muscle. It wasn't enough, it was no where near enough, and he knew it. He knew full well how he could drive me insane, giving me just enough to hold me on edge, but not giving me what I wanted and needed so badly.

"Jay, come on!" I groaned. Then, finally, he inched his thumb into my ass. I pressed back to make him fill me further, but he wasn't letting me. As I pressed, he pulled, never giving me more than he was willing to give. Lust and want were coursing through my body, lighting my nerve endings on fire, flaming and scorching every last strand of rational thought.

I whimpered as his thumb left me, pleading for him to stop teasing me. I could faintly hear him capping the lube through the sound of blood searing behind my ears and I smiled. He latched his mouth to my puckered skin and sucked before he pulled his lips away, replacing them with his slicked up fingers. First one, but quickly two fingers fucked my ass.

"Jasper, I need you, please! Fuck me!" I screamed shamelessly when his long fingers grazed my prostate.

"You want me, Edward? You want my cock to fill you?" he asked, but my heavy, panting breaths didn't leave me any chance to answer. Instead, I nodded my head frantically, moaning and grunting like a mad man. His fingers left my ass and I couldn't stay still. My hips rocked back and forth, eager for his gorgeous dick to fill me. Every second it took him to roll a condom down his rock hard length, was a second to long. When he grabbed my hips with both his hands and pulled me back, I was so ready for him, on my hands and knees, waiting.

Then his cock finally rounded up to my hole. Words couldn't even begin to explain the feelings rushing through me. It dazzled me every time, like I felt him for the very first time each time he slowly entered me. It burned, but it was a welcome pain as it announced the sensations directly following it.

His tantalizingly slow thrusts were difficult to endure. I wanted him harder. I wanted him faster. I wanted to feel his thick length claiming my ass as his. And it was. It was his alone.

"Fuck, it's so hot to see my cock disappear into your greedy hole, Edward. You have no idea how much it turns me on to see it clench around me with each thrust," he groaned. "But I need to see your eyes, babe. I want to see the flushed expression on your face, knowing I put it there. Turn around for me, Edward."

I instantly missed him when he pulled away from me. I quickly rolled over to have him back where he belonged. And when he leaned into me, I lifted my legs to his shoulders and grabbed his cock, leading it to my entrance. With a hard and deep thrust he was again inside, filling me entirely, not holding back. Picking up a faster pace, he pounded into me, while biting my calf.

"Fuck, Jasper!" I yelled when he grabbed my hips and raised them off the bed, getting a better angle to pound roughly at my prostate with every thrust. His nails dug into my cheeks as he supported me in mid air. He threw his head back and moaned endlessly.

I lowered my legs and wrapped them around his waist, my heels taking leverage against his ass. With a quick movement, I surprised him by flipping him to his side and pushing up my weight so I straddled him. I raised myself with my hands on his abs, until only the head of his cock was inside me, and slammed my ass down. Jasper grunted open mouthed and closed his eyes. Again I lifted and slammed down, his strangled gasp rewarding me. I rode his cock like that, impaling myself on it in a fast pace.

His hands grabbed my hips, letting his fingers dig into my skin painfully. Only the feeling just added to my pleasure, his strength just turning me on further. He held me steady as he bucked up his hips again and again, exquisitely fucking me into oblivion. His breathing quickened and I knew he was close to coming.

Wrapping my own hand around my cock, I started jerking myself to the rhythm of his thrusts, determined to come at the same time. They became more frantic as he pounded me with abandon. When he screamed out my name and his body shook and shivered, I let the pressure in my cock take hold of me and came all over his heaving chest.

Leaning back, I grabbed his knees, rolling my hips a few times to savor the feeling of his dick up my ass as my contracting muscles milked the last drops of cum from him. When I slowly came down from my orgasmic high and the weight of physical exhaustion washed over me, I let myself fall to the side while his