, faster, Jazz!” I panted. He grabbed my hips with both hands.

He thrashed into me harder and faster, hitting my prostate with every stroke. He threw his head back and groaned. “Touch me, Jazz, please touch me!”  He didn’t respond, I couldn’t take it anymore. “Fuck, please Jazz, fucking touch me, please.” I whimpered. And only then did he finally curl his long fingers around my cock and I came. I came hard, giving him everything I had. Jasper thrust himself into me deeply one more time, pulling me hard up against him and held me there when he moaned and let himself go. 

“I love you,” he whispered and he collapsed on top of me. I moved my arms around him, pressing his warm body against my chest. We held there until my cum started to stick his shirt to my skin, breathing heavily. 

The pasta putanesca was ruined, so we ordered in. Snuggling up on my couch in shorts and T-shirts, we ate pizza, drank beer and watched an old black and white movie. He caressed my hair when I looked up at him. “I love you, too,” I said and he leaned in and kissed me.

The night had been perfect, Jasper had been perfect. It was the first time he had taken control, but it hadn’t been the last. Some nights I would come home to find him waiting for me besides a cozy fire,and we would make love slowly, passionately. But other nights he’d grab me as I opened the door, demanding me ruthlessly, his eyes black. I loved it when he did that. I loved him and I thought nothing would ever change.

It wasn’t until the night I came home to Jasper sitting on the couch with a worried look on his face, that my life had fallen apart. He smiled at me tentatively; I couldn’t answer it, dread rising in my chest. “I have some really good news!” he said, and for a second, enthusiasm spread over his face. 

“If it’s such good news, than why were you sitting here like a pig waiting for slaughter?” I asked, but I wasn’t sure I wanted to know the answer.

“Well, you know that piece of software I developed and use at my job? I uploaded it as freeware, it hit the net and it was instant success.” He grinned, but this time his dimples didn’t work. I just stared at him, knowing more would follow, and it had. “So I got a call yesterday. It was the people from  the University of California. They want me to join their department of Computer Science.” His face fell slightly as he added; “I said yes.”

My heart was in my throat, trying to beat its way out through my mouth. California. He said yes. I couldn’t go to California. The build of my new project was just starting. I couldn’t just pack up and leave, he knew that! “You already said yes.” I wasn’t expecting an answer, I knew what this meant. He was leaving me, he was leaving me and I couldn’t stop him. I always knew his job wasn’t his big dream. He wanted to develop software, he had been waiting for an opportunity like this his whole life.

In the weeks that followed, I slowly started to pull away from him and he had noticed. We would fight the worst of fights. I would sulk. He would shout. I would hit something. He would throw something. I would shout. He would cry. I would rush to his side and pull him into my arms. He would struggle. I would kiss the top of his head. He would give in, and we would end up in bed, our passionate lovemaking filled with the frustration and despair of our coming separation.

When he finally put down his suitcase in our hallway and turned around to say goodbye, I couldn’t do it. It was almost midnight. I couldn’t let him go, so I ran upstairs, leaving him standing there, a tear running down his cheek. As I lay on the bed that still held his smell, I heard the front door slam. A yellow taxi took my boy away. I let my tears flow freely, burying my head in his pillow.

I watched the fingers of the clock tick away the time until his flight would leave New York, taking him to his new life. Than it hit me; I had been wrong. How could I know I couldn’t stop him if I hadn’t tried? How could I just let him leave my life without fighting? Why wasn’t I at that goddamn airport asking my love to stay?

Within 10 minutes I found myself fully dressed, in my car, going 80 miles an hour down the freeway. I hit the airport with only 30 minutes left. I prayed to god he hadn’t