fingers pluck unhurriedly at my tunic before sliding up underneath it. Palms warm against the small of my back as I swiftly undid my top, needing to feel his warm skin against mine. 

The feel of smooth skin rubbing against each other always felt delicious to me, even more so when a hot tongue slid past my lips and tangled with my own. I knew he wanted me, I could feel the proof against my stomach and my own was against his strong hip. We both moaned softly when I rubbed my hips against his in a slow roll. Of course I had a plan, I knew what I wanted and I was damn well going to get it!

I slowly ground my hips against his, swallowing his moans that fell between our slow kisses. Fingers trailed up my chest, making my skin prickle in slow waves before I tensed. No! Not my shirt! He couldn’t take it off! I grasped his wrist and babbled something about how it was erotic to do it partially dressed. It was true, but not the reason that I did not want to take my shirt off! Luckily he seemed more interested in continuing what we were doing then puzzling out my reaction and I found myself pressed down on my back on the bench, my lover looming over me. 

I smiled up at him, reaching up to trace my fingers along his face. I traced the arch of his nose, the slope of his brow and the curve of his lips. Alive, so wonderfully alive! Here with me and...oh...oohh I love how he teases my hands. His tongue traced between my fingers slowly as he held my wrist, flicking the tip against the webs between my digits. He smirked up at me when he had me panting, nipping the tip of a finger before he leant up to claim my lips again. 

I slid my free hand down his bared chest, meandering to hardened nipples to tease them gently just to hear his groans before continuing on my way to the hard shaft that bulged under his cloth. It didn’t take much before I had the front of his pant’s open and delved my hand into the heated dark V.

His shaft filled my palm as his moans floated about my ears. I felt my skin prickle with delight as my touch prompted him to start sucking on my fingers, eyes locked on mine the whole time. I murmured his name, a breathless smile of pleasure sliding across my face as he replied in kind though a tad muffled about my fingers. 

It wasn’t long before I pulled my fingers out of his mouth and replaced them with my tongue, wet fingers reaching into that dark V to spread his saliva about his flared head. Oh his low groan was music to my ears! My Tori is beautiful in his pleasure, arching towards my hands even as his own began to work on my belt. As it became looser about my waist, I had the sudden urge to mark him where everyone would see it and I found I did not care if the other knights saw it. I wanted them to see it and know that Astoria was claimed. Breaking from the hungry kiss, I avoided his attempt to draw me back in and instead moved to sink my teeth into his strong neck. Not enough to bleed, but enough to mark, to claim. I relished his bitten off shout and how his body jolted up against mine, heart pounding under my tongue. I leant back, licking his taste off my teeth as I admired the mark. Oh! It was beautiful! My love hovered above me, hair forming almost a curtain about us, blocking sight of everything but each other. He was half dressed, cloths falling off his firm frame and the mark of my teeth stood out in beautiful comparison to his tanned skin. 

He laughed then, a low sound from deep in his chest and I found myself pressing a hand to his pectorals to feel the sound against my palm. He asked me how he was supposed to hide that, being on the side of his neck as it were. “You do not” I replied and I think my possessive tone startled him. We had made no promises, no words of love or long time commitment but I am sure my tone indicated otherwise. I loved him, I knew I did though I do wonder if I would have realized just how much had I not lost him. I could feel the vial in my pocket, the vial I had been about to take to let my soul free and a spike of terror slid over me. Never again would I let myself fall so low and I vowed to never tell Astoria how close he came to losing me! One more day, nay, one more hour and it would have been too late. I disliked the feeling of being in some star-crossed lovers play and shoved it away ruthlessly. Tangling my fingers in his hair, I yanked him down to bite and suck at those beautiful pouty lips until he returned the favour and my possessiveness was forgotten for now. I would address it at a later date. 

At that moment, I was too busy kicking my loose