, sweet and a little tart, a little sour but it makes you go back for more. I asked him then, when we broke apart for air why he never said anything and his answer both surprised and pleased me. He hadn’t wanted to be in the way. Thinking I truly wanted Anteares, he had kept quiet. Of course now assured that I no longer wanted to waste my time with the lippy loud-mouthed male, Astoria was all to happy to swoop in. 

When he pushed me down slowly onto my back on the bearskin rug, I didn’t complain. Anything but! I may have even wriggled a bit deeper into the lush fur, legs still around that trim waist. Astoria is bulkier then Antaeres. Muscles moved under his jacket and then my fingers were on them. I can’t remember who it was, but the jacket was gone, tossed to the side and my fingers were more then happy to explore. He was pale and the skin was almost smooth except for the scar on his left side. Along his ribs. I remember asking if someone had cut him as I traced it and getting a faint puff of laughter against my lips. It was cute, how ticklish he was but I left the spot alone as he kissed me again. He pushed my legs to the soft furs, remaining above me on all fours and asked me if I was sure. I think I might have lost a little bit of my heart then and there. Despite me teasing him, kissing him and greedily touching his bared skin, he still made sure I wanted him. I don’t think I answered him verbally. I believe I just shucked out of my leathers and pulled his chest to mine, demanding he touch me again. 

His hands were more callused as well and I liked them. They were strong broad hands, not afraid in their exploration but still gentle like he was afraid to hurt me. I think I startled him when I laughed and reached between his strong legs. Even through his pants I could feel his heat, his size made my body clench. I wanted him; I wanted his sweet smouldering heat and the way he looked at me like I was something precious. I rolled us over, straddling his waist and pressing my ass against his bulge. It felt delicious, especially when he arched up against me, voice deep with want. All for me. First I wanted to taste, I had tasted his kisses and I had to taste the rest of him. The pulse in his neck sped up when I ran my tongue down it, nipping at his collar bone. Oh! He was sweetly sensitive when my palms rubbed quick circles over his nipples, groaning my name. Cam, I love it when he calls me that. It sounds good coming from lips swollen with my biting kisses. I surged up to claim them again, moan being swallowed up as I was rolled under him again. It was his turn to explore and explore he did. 

His touches made me nearly dizzy with pleasure; he knew how to tease a man! Agile fingers teased down my sides as his tongue plunged into my mouth, teasing and scrapping everywhere they could reach. I cried out, uncaring of who heard me when those fingers left my sides and traveled to my hard aching nipples, swirling around teasingly before pinching sharply. He had my back bowing off the fur and against him effortlessly and only laughed when I cursed at him for it. I did not care but he seemed to and soon after that requested a room they were all too happy to give us. 

Once in the small room that I paid no attention to, I confess I nearly leapt on him, fingers going to his belt and yanking it open swiftly. I must have startled him because he barely made a move, hands going to my own that delved inside his opened pants before he was forced to grab at my shoulders. He was hot and heavy; I could feel his pulse against my fingers and had the urge to feel it against my tongue and swiftly dropped to my knees. His scent was heavy here, thick with musk and I inhaled deeply before dragging my tongue up from the base of that thick shaft. His gasping cry was so sweet to my ear that I moaned along with him as his taste burst on my tongue. Reaching the head, I wasted no time sucking the flared head into my mouth as my eyes fluttered shut. For long moments I sucked on him, tongue weaving inane patterns on his hard flesh, lips pulling and sucking as my fingers teased what wasn’t in my mouth. It was only when he grasped a handful of my hair and pulled me back, cock slipping free with a loud pop and a whine did I look up. Wild eyes stared down at me, the blue a darker color in his want. “You’ll make me cum.” That’s a sentence that will stay with me. Even now it makes my stomach clench in want. It was spoken so harshly, so desperately that when he pulled me up to take my mouth I let him, moaning and