.” Jackson looks over at Stiles across Derek's chest. “That would make you sort of in charge too, right? Like if anything happened to Derek, you'd...take care of things?” “Nothing is going to happen to Derek.” Stiles says fiercely, because he is not putting that out into the universe. Not, not, not. Jackson ducks back down again and looks like he wishes he hadn't said anything. Stiles immediately feels terrible, because even if the kid used to be a dick, he didn't deserve this whole mess. “Yes. Yes, we are. Are you all happy now? I've only known the guy for two months and we're irrevocably tied together, because my magic always messes shit up. So you're stuck with me.” Isaac's voice is a hoarse whisper, “You're not mad, are you? That you're...stuck with us.” “No! No. Shit.” This isn't going at all the way he'd planned. Call him old fashioned, but he'd wanted a little romance first before he became magically tied to another person. It's scary okay? Knowing that Derek's the one, he's it, no take backsies. He's fucking terrified. And if that isn't enough, he's somehow become pack mom to a bunch of scared kids when he can barely take care of himself. “Just. I know it probably makes you all feel better, to have a definite 'Alpha.' Better for your wolves. So I'm telling you, yeah, I'm Derek's mate. But we're leaving it there; it's only for the wolves, okay? As far as the humans are concerned Derek and I are dating and maybe engaged if he bothers to get me a ring, but we really just haven't. Haven't talked about it, and I don't – it's just a lot. So we're. Yeah.” He trails off lamely. “Yur t'ribble at expla'ng.” Derek slurs, and his grip gets tighter on Stiles' hand for a moment. “Oh yeah, sure. I'd like to see you do better.” Derek's eyes are tired, pupils blown because he's definitely back on the good drugs. “Ya see...wen Daddy an' Daddy luv each oth'r v'ry much...” He trails off into what is definitely a giggle. “Okay nope. You're done. You're on waaaaaaaaay too many drugs to be committing to anything right now.” “I do tho. Love you.” Derek whispers, his eyes sliding shut again. Everyone's eyes are wide. The pack looks at one another, and they slip up out of their seats together, heading out and leaving Stiles alone with Derek. They are so obviously not even going to get involved in that. Each of them scent marks him on their way out though, rubbing their hands against his hair or shirt, but they don't say a word, for which Stiles is grateful. Once they're gone Stiles groans and leans into Derek, pressing his forehead against Derek's chest. Derek's hand is slack in his; he's really gone back to sleep. Typical.  “You sir. You are the worst.” Stiles should be mad. He knows he should be mad, but instead he's just sort of shell shocked. He really hadn't seen that coming. So he just slumps into Derek and tries to think about what he's going to say when Derek wakes up.

Hey guys, I've been busy doing Camp NaNo, but it's been a while so I thought I'd post up a chapter.  Hope you guys like it!

Standard warnings for my fics; potty mouth Stiles, mentions of violence and torture.

    Derek hates therapy.  There are pretentious humans trying to tell him how to take care of his body, like he doesn't know.  He just needs to find somewhere safe, and rest, and he'll heal in a matter of hours. Except he isn't healing, he's got a cast on, a metal rod in his leg, and his right eye is dead and blank.  And now there is a frazzled man, who's lean enough that Derek could snap him in half if he wanted to, trying to teach him how to walk.  Like he can't figure that out.  These crutches are stupid, he hates them.  He's seriously contemplating gnawing his own leg off.

    Finally Stiles comes and rescues him.  He facilitates the conversation, explains that Derek's not going to be stuck in these forever, and helps him use them to walk around the room a few times.  Frazzled guy looks relieved; apparently Derek is a terrible patient.  They are supposed to do therapy for an hour, but it's been forty-five minutes