working his way through a set of stretches, enjoying the slight soreness left over from the sex. It would have been better if Shinji had actually fucked him, but then again...he wasn't sure if he was quite ready for that yet, so perhaps this was best.

Even though he was taller, Shinjiro actually didn't like to top very much. He'd always been the more passive of the two of them; always going along with things when Akihiko wanted to fuck, but rarely instigating anything himself. He'd fuck Aki when he asked, but he was also more than happy to bottom, and never seemed to worry about any of the stigma attached to laying on his back and taking it. Not that Akihiko really thought any of that was true, but it still lingered sometimes in the back of his mind.

They'd never been public about their relationship. Neither of them had been open about the fact that they enjoyed spending time with other men. Some of Akihiko's girlfriends had been suspicious about it, but really Akihiko was less interested in them because of a lack of shared interest than that he preferred dick. He liked both genders, but the only other women who knew about Personas and the other life he led were like sisters to him. Shinjiro was the only one he'd really felt a connection with, in that way. Shinji put up with him, even when he knew he was being overbearing, or too aggressive, or obsessed with fighting. Sure, they argued, but Shinjiro was one of the only people who would go where Akihiko led, but also push back when Aki needed it most.

“I'm back,” Shinjiro announced, toeing off his shoes as he entered. He had at least six bags of groceries on each arm.

“You shouldn't be carrying all that,” Akihiko protested, getting up and taking some of the bags from him.

Shinjiro scowled. “You're not my physical therapist.”

“I'm not your neurologist either, but I bet you're not going to listen to either of them, so I'll have to do.”

Shinji just made an irritable hand motion. “Did you at least boil the eggs? No. No you didn't. What am I going to do with you?”

“Shit.” He'd completely forgotten.

“Whatever. Here, put this in a pot and boil it. You can cook the eggs at the same time.” Shinjiro dug around in a bag and handed him a fresh pork bone. “For flavor,” he said.

Akihiko did as he was told, because Shinji's food was always good, and he did at least have a pot big enough for a soup base. After he got the water and eggs boiling, he helped by chopping up vegetables while Shinjiro made noodles from scratch, because he was crazy like that. Then he stayed out of the way while Shinji made the soup; instead putting away all of the fresh food Shinji had gotten him. If he knew his friend, Shinji would have gotten the day old vegetables, so they were cheaper, but still good. Akihiko had a small salary draw from his time with SEES, and he also worked part-time teaching boxing while he figured out what he was going to do now that he'd graduated and everything was over.

“Do you have a place to stay?” Akihiko asked.

“Mmm. Yeah, I still have my apartment above Club Escapade. They held it for me while I was in the hospital.”

Akihiko knew that Shinjiro and the Club Escapade owner were close, but he hadn't known they were close enough for the guy to hold Shinji's apartment for him. Well. That was good. Aki had this half idea that he'd ask Shinjiro to come live with him but this was probably for the best.

“What else have you been doing?”

“Annoying my physical therapist, smoking too much. I started working bar at the club again, just part time for now. It pays for the apartment at least. And I get to eat there for free. I'm not sure what I actually want to do now that things are over.”

“Yeah, me either. I've been sort of thinking about going to college, but I don't know what I'd go for. I've got some offers at the boxing club to go pro; I'm thinking about it.”

“I think that'd be good for you. Physical activity is basically all you do anyway. Can you really see yourself as a salaryman?”

“Ugh.”

“Heh. S' what I thought.”

“So you really have no ideas?”


 “Eh, I think I might take the 
high school equivalence test. 

I never got to finish my education, and it's – I don't know, I just feel like I should, you know? Then, well, I'm good at cooking, so maybe I could do something with that, but I don't really want