 
  search          
        
 
 
home page > Flowers      Your basket is empty 
 
Subtotal: £0.00  
 
 

      
  
flowers
Best Sellers  
1  Delphiniums, Box of 20, Blue  
2  Rose and Freesia Bouquet  
3  Summer Florist`s Indulgence  
4  Summer Pink Zinc Arrangement  
5  Rose and Lily Bouquet  
 
 
  
 Related Departments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
flowers
  Arrangements 
  Bouquets 
  Grower`s Choice 
  Summer Flowers 

     

For a special gift or to fill your own home with seasonal colour and fragrance, choose from our wide range of colourful bouquets, rich tonal arrangements and single variety flowers in abundance. 

We offer free delivery on all flowers so there are no hidden extra costs. Click here to check deliveries to islands and more remote areas. A complimentary gift card is also included to add your personal message.

Add an extra touch of luxury to your flower delivery with a bottle of Champagne - you can also select a pair of Sophia Champagne flutes, ideal for a birthday or anniversary celebration. 

 


 
 
  
  
   
  
  
Lime and Cerise Tank Arrangement £35
Bold and cheerful Serena gerberas feature in this hot colour arrangement, accompanied by lime bupleurum and shamrock chrysanthemums, with salal leaves for that finishing touch. 
More arrangements  
 
 
      
   
  
  
Rose and Lily Bouquet £35
This opulent bouquet is bursting with vitality and fragrance with eucalyptus and steel grass giving shape to extravagant longiflorum lilies and three varieties of rose – Mini Eden spray, Sweet Unique and Avalanche. 
More bouquets  
 
 
      
   
  
  
Summer Florist`s Indulgence £29
Arrange this tall graceful collection how you will. Deliciously fragranced white Oriental lilies and purple freesias are accompanied by blue agapanthus and Mount Fuji ornithogalum. 
More grower`s choice  
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
Summer Pink Zinc Arrangement £29
A profusion of pinks set off by white astilbe and mini variegated pittosporum. Also contains pink antirrhinum, Yoko Ono chrysanthemums and Purple Rain gerbera, and arrives in a zinc container. 
More arrangements  
 
 
      
   
  
  
Scented Purple and Lime Bouquet £29
White roses and freesias, purple lisianthus, lime-fronded shamrock chrysanthemums and mini yellow germini are interwoven with white oriental lilies that bloom full of aroma.
More bouquets  
 
 
      
   
  
  
Longiflorum Lilies, Box of 15, White
Believed to date back to around 2000 BC, white lilies were once used for medicinal purposes and are associated with sincerity and purity. Despatched in boxes of 15. 
More grower`s choice  
 
 
 
 
 
      
    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pricing policy  |  Terms and Conditions  |  Top of page     
Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001-2004 
