   Accommodation and travel directory for United Kingdom, Ireland & Europe. Hotels, guest houses, B&B, self catering cottages, holiday homes, car hire, ferry bookings and flights.  
 
 
Terms & Conditions
2000 - 2004
              
 
 
 UK Ireland & Europe hotel guest house bed & breakfast self catering accommodation and travel directory 
Click the desired area of the map or use the menu links, to find the accommodation you require.
 
  ComeStayWithUs.com offers you a wide choice of serviced & self catering accommodation across the United Kingdom, Ireland and Europe.

Bed & Breakfasts, guest houses, luxury hotels, apartments, holiday cottages, vacation rentals, indeed something to satisfy all travellers’ requirements.

Our easy to use site provides fast access to the accommodation details you require, be it for business or pleasure, in England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales and continental Europe. 

Make your reservation enquiry online, with many establishments also offering instant, confirmed, secure bookings.
 
Click here for an A to Z of Towns & Cities listed in our directory, or use the site search facility above to find the name of the town or accommodation you are looking for. 

Within our accommodation directory we offer many useful travel and tourism related facilities, such as Car Hire, Ferry Bookings and Airline Reservations, to cater for all types of business trips and holiday plans, together, of course, with a vast array of places to stay. Many of our visitors praise us on how easy our site is to navigate and most importantly, they can book their reservations with ease! 

To advertise your accommodation on our site, please click here for more information.
To check out what our customers say about us! Click here 
 
Why not link to us?....and get a reciprocal link in return! click here for more details. 

Please feel free to drop us an e-mail with your comments, as we are continually looking to improve our site for our customers ease and pleasure. Constructive suggestions are always welcome.
E-mail: customer-comments@comestaywithus.com 
 
       
To receive our newsletter please enter your E-mail Address in the box and hit the subscribe button:

   
  
   
 

   
  Home | Contact us | Company Info | Related | Link to us | Plaudits

UK & Europe Accommodation Directory Copyright © 2004 ComeStayWithUs.com
   
    
 