between Will and Jane.  He’d seemed genuinely surprised, as if he couldn’t understand what was happening.  Luckily he hadn’t asked Will for an explanation, which was just as well since Will didn’t think he could find the words without offending him.

To put it simply, Benji was far too trusting for this line of work.

Will started slow.  He dragged the edge of his fingernail along the collar of Benji’s t-shirt.  Benji responded by absently reaching up to scratch at the back of his neck, mumbling nonsense under his breath.  Will waited a full minute before repeating the motion, muffling his laughter even though Benji wouldn’t be able to hear him through the headphones.

When Benji still didn’t catch on after the third time, Will decided to step things up.  Taking a step back he bent down so he could blow gently on the back of Benji’s neck.

“What the--?”  This time Benji twisted around, his whole body starting when he spotted Will.  With a huff he pushed the headphones back so they slid down and settled around his neck.  “How long have you been there?”

“You’ll never know,” Will said with a smirk.  He turned towards the fridge now that the game was up, asking over his shoulder, “Do you want anything?”

“No, I’m good.  Shouldn’t you be sleeping?”  Benji twisted in his chair so he could keep Will in sight.  The light from the lap top screen highlighted the dark circles around his eyes, the lines around his mouth.

“I couldn’t sleep.”  Will grabbed a bottle of water, hesitated, then grabbed a second one.  He nudged the fridge door closed with his elbow before returning to the table.  He set one bottle down next to Benji before twisting the cap off his and taking a long drink.  Rather than sit he leaned against the table, one hand gripping the edge while the other held the bottle.  He dipped his head towards the laptop.  “I could ask you the same question.  Do you think you should be doing this right now?”

“I was too wired to sleep so I figured I would take another look at the virus we grabbed.  Do you realize how close this guy came to bringing down the economic system of this country?”  Benji sagged back in his chair, eyes bright with anger. “He could have beggared everyone and all because he--”

Setting his water bottle aside, Will pushed away from the table and stepped in close, his hands resting on Benji’s shoulders.  He worked his fingers into the tight muscles as he spoke, voice soft.  “We got him, Benji.  We stopped him, and now he’s going to spend the rest of his life in some eight by ten cell, where his only human interaction is the food that gets shoved through a slot in the door.”

Benji’s head fell back until it rested against Will’s stomach.  “Yeah, I know.  It was just…,” he sighed, “it was too close.”

Will remembered the sight of Benji hunched over his lap top, sweat spotting his temple and his fingers moving in a blur as he did everything in his power to stop the virus in its tracks.  In the end it hadn’t come down to bullets or bombs, but the final stroke of the ‘Enter’ key with seconds to spare.  He’d known Benji would pull through.

“This isn’t our first near-miss, Benji.  It certainly won’t be our last.  It’s inevitable that one day we’re going to fail, so you should focus on our successes.”  Will was lucky in that he got the lesson without the consequences.  He never forgot that if it weren’t for Ethan he would have an innocent on his conscience.  He’d managed to avoid that so far, and he hoped it lasted.

Benji rubbed his face.  “I know you’re right, but that doesn’t seem to help very much.”

“Give it time.”  Will loosened his grip on Benji’s shoulders, fingers skimming over the thin t-shirt.  “As for right now, I think you should come to bed.”  He dragged his thumbs down the back of Benji’s neck.

His ministrations earned a low groan.  “I want to, I mean really really want to, but I have to get this finished or Brassel will find an excuse to dump me back into being a technician.”

“You’re dedication is commendable.”  Will leaned over and slowly pushed the laptop closed.  “But I’m going to have to insist.”

“Will, I have to finish this!”  Benji tried to sound firm, but Will could feel his resolve breaking.  It might have had something to do with the hand sliding down the front of his shirt.

“I won’t be able to sleep unless I can feel you next to me.”  Will’s admission was quiet, hanging in the air between them.  What they had was still new, a bond that