Hey!  Nice to meet you.” Jensen mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck.  It was a nervous habit he had, one that even bled into his Dean persona, and Misha recognised it for exactly what it was.  “How do you know Misha and Vicki?”

Jeff seemed to cozy up a little closer to Vicki as he took his time answering Jensen’s question.  Vicki pulled away a bit, clearly uncomfortable about something.  “We’ve known each other for years; met on a retreat in Thailand, actually.  We spent a lot of time together before West here was born.” he leaned over to muss up West’s hair and the boy giggled.

Misha glanced over to where Jensen was staring at the laptop screen, hoping the innuendo in Jeff’s comment had gone over his head, but Misha could see in Jensen’s eyes exactly when the full extent of what Jeff was hinting at crossed his friend’s mind.

Jensen quickly backed up to the door of the trailer, almost tripping over the leg of a small table in his haste to leave, but yet not willing to take his eyes off Misha’s worried face.  Misha felt like a deer in the headlights, stunned silent and unsure of what to say or do, just knowing that he had to fix this, had to come up with an answer to the questioning expression on his lover’s face that was currently boring into his soul.

“Jen, wait!  Please?”

Jensen chose that moment to break eye contact and turn around, heading out the door and letting the metal screen spring back with a bang, causing it to echo across the industrial looking lot.  Misha slammed the laptop shut, knowing his empathic wife would totally understand his need to go after Jensen.  He had some explaining to do to get him to understand the part of him and Vicki’s past that they hadn’t opened up about in detail with Jensen or Jared.

It had clouded over again in the short time since Misha had been outside.  There was an ominous feel to the greyness that matched the hard lump in his chest as his footsteps clanged down the metal steps of his trailer. He glanced around the lot, taking in the familiar scene of the crew at work loading props, the flatbeds of equipment being readied for the location shoot later that night, the cars in the parking lot, and the PA’s and assistants milling around.  The place felt like a second home to Misha after eight years, but even that familiarity wasn’t calming his racing heart.  Right now, his biggest priority was making things right with the man that he loved.  Yes, that was it; he was in love with Jensen, and the fear of possibly losing that love so soon after realizing it was tearing him apart.

His first stop was Jensen’s trailer.  It seemed like the obvious place the man would go if he wanted to be alone, but there was no sign of him and the door was locked.  Misha ran to the food tent, glancing around and only seeing a handful of people grabbing coffee at an hour too early for lunch.  Checking the make-up and wardrobe trailers proved fruitless as well.  No one had seen Jensen and Misha was becoming frantic.  As a last resort, he checked Jared’s trailer.  Maybe Jensen hadn’t wanted to be alone with his thoughts after all.

Jared answered Misha’s incessant knocking and just opened the door wide to let him in.  “I’m gonna go lift for a bit at the gym.  You guys should talk.”

Misha glanced over to the couch where Jensen sat, head in his hands, looking as dejected as Misha had ever seen him.

Misha nodded.  “Thanks, Jar.”

Jared pulled him into a side hug, enveloping him as only Jared could.  “You bet, brother.  Fix this, okay?  I don’t know what happened here, but you’re my best friends and I need you both to be happy.”

Misha closed the door gently behind Jared and leaned back against it, watching the expression on Jensen’s face and waiting to see if he would speak first.  Although he got that Jensen had been blindsided by Jeff, it’s not like the other man didn’t have at least a vague idea about he and Vicki’s past.  He could see that something had gotten under Jensen’s skin, but he needed to know exactly what so he could understand and attempt to make it right.

When it became clear that Jensen wasn’t going to be the one to start the conversation, Misha walked over and gently perched on the arm of the couch.  Fearful of making an unwelcome advance, he stuffed his hands in his pockets and turned to face the man in front of him.  “Jensen?  Talk to me.  Please?”

Jensen raised his head to look at him and Misha could see the hurt in his eyes.  Not touching wasn’t an option.  Misha slid down onto the couch cushion and wrapped his arms around the man beside him, pulling him close against his chest.  To Misha’s