unexpected, and after the previous weekend, more than a little awkward. Jensen moved forward, side-stepping Misha in the processed, and closed the apartment door behind them. “What are you doing here, Mish?”

Misha wandered into the small kitchen and grabbed a half-finished craft beer from the counter. He lifted it up to show Jensen. “Want one? Then we can talk.”

Jensen nodded, shrugging of his damp jacket and slinging it over the back of the couch. He joined his friend by the fridge, taking the offered bottle and tipping it back between his lips. He ran his fingers through his damp hair and looked up at Misha who, much like his onscreen counterpart, hadn’t stopped staring directly at him since he’d walked in.

The look of pure desire darkening Misha’s crystal blue eyes caught Jensen off guard. He observed his friend’s interested gaze roam from the bottle at his lips, down his chest and arms, to his crotch; his jeans slightly damp from where his jacket hadn’t covered below the waist. Jensen’s dick twitched in response to the scrutiny, not an unwelcome reaction, just not the one he needed right now when they really needed to talk.

Jensen turned towards the living room, needing to release himself from Misha’s heated stare. “Misha, you still haven’t told me why you’re here. Really.”

Misha followed him and took a seat on the leather couch, patting the space beside him. “Sit down, Jen. Sounds like you’re having second thoughts about what happened between us up at Whistler. Talk to me. You can tell me anything. You know that.”

Jensen took a seat beside his friend, careful not to get too close. He needed to keep his head clear, and lord knows Misha’s close proximity was already making that difficult. He looked up at Misha and saw the concerned and troubled look in his eyes. That was all it took for him to realize he needed to clear the doubt in his friend’s mind.

“It’s not so much second thoughts, Mish,” Jensen started, voice cracking slightly. “I loved what we did! It was such an amazing weekend and I can’t thank you enough for opening my eyes to the possibilities between us. I’ve ignored it for too long. It’s more…guilt, you know?”

“Yes, I think I get it. Vicki and I have always viewed love and monogamy as something that can be shared with the right person; that opening your heart to another only increases love and passion as long as everyone is on the same page. You weren’t raised that way. You come from a traditional, Christian family, Jen. You’ve been taught that you give yourself to your one and only for life. It’s really difficult to go against years of conditioning. “

Jensen sighed with relief. Misha did get it even if he hadn’t at first. “I think that’s exactly it. I know Danneel’s good with it. Hell, when I told her about our adventure in the hot tub I think she was actually excited about it. I wouldn’t be surprised if she was getting off on the idea like all the fan girls on Twitter,” he laughed, blushing from his chest to the tips of his ears.

“The ladies do enjoy the idea of two men together, Jen.”

Jensen nodded. “Yeah, I know man. Damn, have you seen that Cockles tag? Some of the fan art and photo manips are intense!”

Misha laughed, his eyes crinkling at the corners. “Have you read any of the fan fiction?”

“They write about us? Not just Destiel?”

“Oh yeah, Jen. I’ll have to check out Tumblr and find you a bedtime story one night,” Misha replied, his gummy grin widening. Jensen couldn’t help but smile at his friend’s infectious laughter.”

“Sounds like I need to get with the program then. My wife loves the idea, your wife is on board, the fans are all over it, only thing holding us back is me apparently.”

“I’m not pushing you,” Misha reminded. “This is on your terms, if at all. I can’t say I won’t be disappointed if you don’t want to take this any further, but I get it.”

“Misha, if there’s one thing I’m sure of, it’s that I want you. Fuck, you make me feel desired and wanted in a way that’s so different from Danni, you know?”

Misha closed the distance between them, climbing effortlessly into Jensen’s lap, lifting Jensen’s chin with a single long finger and staring determinedly into his friend’s eyes. “Oh yes, Jen. I definitely know.”

Their lips crashed together with instant heat. Jensen groaned into the kiss, bucking his half hard erection into Misha’s, completely on board with the current