head tilted to the side as if pondering a mystery.  “You went somewhere else.  I brought you back.”

     “Is there a reason you’re in here?” Ed asks, voice sharp with fear and regret that he refuses to acknowledge.  He will see his brother again.  He will get Al’s body back and he will save his country.  There is no other option.

     “Not really.  I was bored.”  Instead of moving away Greed leans against the desk where Ed’s feet had been.  “Do you really think your friend can over power me?”

     “He’s done it before.  He can do it again.”

     Greed’s eyes narrow.  “I was caught off guard.  It won’t happen again.”

     “So you say,” Ed scoffs.  “But we both know that’s not true.  Ling won’t ever give up, not when he knows his clan is counting on him.  He cares about his people too much to do anything but keep fighting.”

     “Caring will only get a person so far,” Greed murmurs.  He smiles, eyes moving inward as he stares over Ed’s head.  “I will admit I am rather fond of him, though.  He may be annoying, but he’s almost as greedy as I am.”  When Greed’s smile widens Ed knows he’s not going to like what’s coming.  “I can see his desires, you know.  All his little dreams spread out before me.  Some aren’t very imaginative, such boring little things that only a human could want, but others…”  Fangs flash in the heart of his smile, the sheer alien delight making Ed shiver in spite of himself.  “He hungers for power, wants to wrap him self around it until there is no beginning and no end.  It’s breath-taking really.”

     Ed swallows hard, can’t, won’t listen to this.  “Go bother someone else, Greed.”  He hopes using the Homunculus’ name will encourage him to listen, but Ed isn’t really surprised when he’s ignored.

     “But I haven’t even gotten to the good part.”  It happens fast.  One moment Greed is sitting on the edge of the desk, the next he’s gone and Ed’s chair is slammed forward.  Ed gasps as he’s crushed against the edge of the desk, the sound feeble as the breath is knocked out of him.  When he tries to shove back his wrists are pinned across the surface of his desk, books and notes sliding off as Ed struggles.  Ed knows he isn’t going anywhere since he can’t use alchemy and his legs are trapped beneath the heavy desk but impossible odds have never stopped him before.

     “What are you up to, Greed?”  Ed asks, determined to remain calm.  He knows, or thinks he knows, that Greed won’t hurt him.  Not after Ed had already agreed to work for him. 

     “Such a greedy thing, our friend Ling.  So strong, so noble.”  Greed’s breath feathers hot against Ed’s cheek, soft bangs brushing against his ear.  “Would you like to know what he dreams about?”

     “I already know what he dreams about,” Ed bites out.  His hands are clenched into fists and he can’t help that, not when every instinct is screaming and he’s trapped with no way out until Greed decides to give him one. 

     “Yes, he wants to be Emperor and he wants to bring his clan honor, those are all the things on the surface, the things he wants people to know about.”  Greed laughs.  “I’m talking about the things he won’t even admit to him self, the dreams that lurk in the back of his mind.”

     “I don’t want to know.”  Ed knows this, knows that no good will come from learning something that clearly gives Greed this much amusement.

     “Oh, I think you should, one of them concerns you after all.  Our Ling has quite the imagination I will admit.”  Greed’s hands flex around Ed’s wrists.  “He has plans for you once he becomes Emperor, Fullmetal.  He wants to take you home with him, wants to cover you in jewels and silk and show you off like the gem you are.  He wants to fuck you, Alchemist, wants to keep you as a prize.”  Greed’s chuckle skims over Ed’s shoulders.  “I can’t say I really blame him.”

     “Stop it.”  Ed’s voice is thick, the words lodged in his throat.  His face is on fire and all he can think about is shoving Greed away and leaping over the desk for the safety of the door. 

     “Would you agree if he asked you to go home with him?  Would you let him take you back to his homeland and keep you like a prize pet?  After a life such as yours I would think it tempting.  A chance to live in the lap of luxury, and I do mean that