said. "I wanted to come back a little early. Why are you crying." Luke asked,wrapping his arms around Ethan,who cuddled into him. "Nightmare,Not a big deal." Ethan reassured. Luke Just Said "Spill." Ethan sighed and said "You know that One dream I had-The one with the fields of Punishment and Place for heroes? Had it again." Luke hugged him tighter. "Don't worry Et, it won't happen. I promise." Luke said. "What ever." Ethan muttered. He listened to Luke's heart,Which for some reason Always calmed him down. Luke started to Fool around with Ethan's eyepatch. "Cutie." Luke said. Et closed his eye. "Shut up. Your talking about yourself." He murmured. Luke laughed and kissed Et's forehead. "Noooo, I'm talking about you my kitten." Luke said and Laughed even more at the look on Ethan face. "I hate you." Ethan swore and Kissed Luke. "Now go to sleep ya stupid big Blond." He added as Luke rolled his eyes. "Alright Kitten." Luke said and closed His eyes, He felt Ethan slowly Relax but Didn't go to sleep. He sighed and said "Et, Want me to make some coffee?" Ethan just Said "I can do it." Luke opened his eyes and kissed Ethan. "Fine, But I'm putting in a movie." Luke said and Ethan laughed. So they ended on the couch,Ethan Cuddling up to Luke, Their drinks-Tea for Ethan and Coffee for Luke-on the table, Watching a stupid movie, something Animated. "But Et, That won't happen." Luke said. "I'll hold you to that." Ethan said. Both of them watched movies until Morning.

Ethan felt warm arms around him. He groaned and snuggled to Luke. "Hey Et, ya gotta get up." Luke said, trying not to laugh at the smaller boy. He had a massive case of bed head and his eyepatch was crooked. "I don't want to." Ethan muttered into Luke's chest. Luke kissed his cheek. "I know baby but ya gotta." He said. Ethan yawned and got off of His boyfriend. He looked outside and saw it was snowing. "It's snowing." He stated. Luke laughed. "You act like you never saw Snow before?" He questioned. "I have." Ethan said and got up, before Large arms wrapped around his waist and pulled him back down. "Luke! I thought you said we have to get up!" Ethan groaned blushing softly. Luke cuddled him. "Just a couple more minutes?" He pleaded. "Fine." Ethan said, hiding his smile

Snow falling on him, he reached up and grabbed the only hand that helped him. The only hand that wanted him, needed him. With the snow mixed in with tears on his face he smiled and welcomed the hand,the arms that wrapped around him. He knew what the arms meant, they welcomed him. All he ever wanted was to let Kids not be like him, forced to Go to the bad side just so he could change the world. As he got pulled up he smiled at his only friend, the only friend that didn't care who he was the son of, didn't care about his race or eyepatch, just a friend. The snow faded and He realized where he was, a crystal beach, a place for heroes. He was a hero. Him and his best friend. He smiled and the arm, then at the body and then the face. "Hey Luke." He said,chocking up a little. Luke smiled and said "hey Et, we lost." Ethan nodded. "But were here now, maybe the gods will change?" Like said and Ethan smiled. "Now and forever right?"  Ethan said. Both boys fell and started to laugh, then sob. But they were here together. That all that matter

Ethan Nakamura Remembered Exactly how he felt when he came to Hogwarts, he was scared, Nervous and A tad Pissed. One-WHY DIDNT ANY ONE TELL HIM HE WAS A WIZARD?!? Two, He doubted any one else had a eyepatch and Third, You would be nervous to if you found out your a wizard. He remembered Walking up to the Hat and Hearing "Griffendor!" He remembered Walking to the table and getting claps on the back. What Ethan will never remember Is a blond 3rd year slytherin boy watching him. Ethan Was still nervou, Atfer all this was all new to him. but he was shocked at the food that appeared-of course The kid could only think "Magic ain't it?" He could only stare with his mouth watering,until a black haired boy nudged him. "Hey..you can eat dude." The boy said and Piled Some weird looking food on Ethan plate. "What..what is this?" Ethan asked poking the food with his fork. The boy laughed. "