for Remus. His pallor hadn't gotten any better since school, though Remus supposed he was older and stronger and covered in a bloody lot more scars than he'd been then. That could've applied to the both of them.

They were both marked, one way or another. "It is fortunately a very simple ritual," he said using a quill to scratch in a combination of Ancient runes into the soft tallow. "But it is best to keep questions as simple as you can. You can ask what you wish once we begin, as long as you can stand the wax upon you. Would you believe Muggles try this by dropping it into water?"

"All they're divining is the fate of the water's source. Useful, I suppose, if one is very concerned about water." He was watching, at least, some mild interest now that Remus as at work on it.

"A sanitized version of when they used to drop it into bowls of blood," Remus said as he finished the runes. "There, that should do it."

No doubt Severus was surprised he knew about such Dark magic, but he had more than a passing acquaintance. "Are you ready?"

"Yes." As he would ever be, and he was ready, waiting for Remus to crouch own closer, no doubt, and light the candle before he asked his question.

"Remember, the longer you can stand the wax dripping on you, the more powerful the divination will be, the more details and accuracy," Remus replied looking seriously at Snape. He chose to kneel then and with a flick of his wand, lit the candle, to channel magic within it and hold the flow of his own magic pouring into the candle. He muttered the spell's incantations under his breath, which he always suspected was just a ploy to make sure the wax had started melting properly and then held it over Snape’s chest.

White on white skin the first drop fell, splashing on the skin before becoming more opaque. It did not completely set, but instead flowed into the drop that joined it.

He watched Snape flinch, watching the wax fall on his chest, waiting for a few more splashes before he asked anything. "Are my loyalties still trusted by the Dark Lord?"

The wax swirled on skin, still hot and fluid and Remus could only imagine what it must feel like as it shaped and sought the truth from bare skin to bare soul. It flowed first into the shape of spider what walked its hot wax body down the curve of the potion master’s abdomen. "The spider -- spinning a trap with suspicion." Not a complete answer and the wax dripped again swelling the hot wax pool each time it dropped.

The man inhaled. "Does whatever is left of Tom Riddle still believe I serve him?" That was a strange question, a strange wording, but important to the man, as far as Remus could tell.

The spider flowed hot wax into a long thin snake that turned and crawled back up to Snape’s chest. It slithered around his nipple flicking a tongue of stinging wax to lap at them before coiling over jealously over his heart, a trail of livid scalded skin behind it. "The snake believes a heart is his, a service won through sensual gifts and secret moments."

Remus felt his own face grow hot. He started to consider what that might actually mean and had to struggle to retain the divinatory magic flow.

"Does whatever is left of Tom Riddle believe I would betray him?" Not could, no, because Remus was willing to believe that Snape could strangle his own mother one handed while reading a newspaper, but he also found it dubious and somewhat unlikely, even with the capacity. He shifted his footing, and more wax dropped, adding to the fluid heat that was the snake.

The wax had to burn; he could see the red trails on the pale white skin as the snake coiled and moved again. It raised up, the wax flaring into a hooded cobra in attack posture, even as the next stream of wax, surely painful, flowed into the shape of a dragon that seemed to try and usurp that place over Snape's heart. "The snake believes his rightful place over your heart is shared or usurped by the dragon. A stolen heart could lead to betrayal."

"Oh, bloody hell." Snape closed his eyes tightly, and then exhaled raggedly. Remus was expecting him to ask him to stop, but he didn't. "Now if only I knew what the dragon was supposed to symbolize."

To Remus's surprise, the wax flowed suddenly down to Severus's navel and a second smaller dragon bubbled up out of the magically fluid hot wax. "The dragon has young." Remus watched as it rather alarmingly disappeared downwards out of his immediate sight. "You have protected the young dragon."

It had to be Malfoy.

Snape jerked a little, and Circe knew where that wax had gone. His thoughts about it twining and slithering in burning heat around Snape’s cock brought a flush to his cheeks.

"