full of rubble, buildings toppled and streetlamps barricading the roads haphazardly.

You’re here reluctantly, only present after five different people who you are at least seventy percent sure you can trust have told you to come here.  A new information source, they (Kingsley Shacklebolt, Dean Thomas, Narcissa Malfoy – trustworthy the moment Draco was killed in front of her – Nymphadora Tonks, and Ginny Weasley.)

(Ginny died three days ago, but that’s irrelevant and you can’t afford to think about anything that doesn’t matter andwhendidGinnynotmatterwhatishappeningwhywhywhy-)

“Granger?”

The voice is raspy and quiet and that doesn’t matter because you’d flinch as violently as you just have if it’d been loud and brazen or melodious and smooth. 

The cloaked, hooded figure steps closer as you back into an alleyway, forcing confusion (feigned) and fear (real, oh so real) onto your face.  “I’m sorry, who are you?”  Your voice is quavering, even as that cold, calculating part of your mind is judging the proximity to the Centre, trying to determine just how much wandless magic (don’t forget to take into account wasted output, uncontained radiation) you can get away with while still avoiding detection.

But then the figure huffs, and crosses its arms in a gesture that’s oddly familiar, even through the haze of the last two months.

“Honestly, Granger, you haven’t gotten any better at lying, have you?”

 

~

 

“You’re dead,” you repeat despite all evidence to the contrary, tripping over rock shards and mannequins, tree branches and power lines as you try to keep up with Draco (Malfoy, you correct yourself, because you could only call him Draco when you knew he was dead and you were still feeling guilty about thinking of him as an annoying little twat.)

From the roll of his eyes that you feel without seeing, he obviously seems to agree with your mind, which keeps telling your mouth to shut up because dead people don’t walk and talk (and they don’t tend to have smooth skinned marred by horrific acid burn scars and deep claw marks that still expose bone despite layers upon layers of healing magic). “Clearly, I’m not.  Now shut up, Granger, and keep moving.”

Where are we going?  The words die on your tongue, unsaid, as you round the corner.

No.  Please, no.  Your left hand flies to your pocket – useless, your wand is broken you idiot! – and by the time you’ve collected yourself to reach out through the barrier of wandlessness to your magic while attempting to stagger backwards, it’s too late.  Something grips your limbs, takes hold of your muscles and drains them, leaving you loose and pliant, with just barely enough control to lean against a rough stone wall, painfully aware of the fact that you can’t feel your magic as anything more than a barely-audible, distant murmur.

Untouchable.

“Who was it?” you manage to ask quietly around the lassitude, voice flat and expressionless like you imagine your face to be.  He glances back at you, and you catch the barest glint of pity in his eyes.

“Isn’t it obvious, Granger?” Draco says gently.  “All of them.”

“Good work, Draco,” a voice says warmly, and Draco bows his head before looking at you one last time.

The corner of his mouth twitches upwards, a sardonic, hollow grin.  “Sorry,” he whispers before bowing again and stepping away, making to leave you, alone in the empty Colosseum-esque arena you find yourself in.

“Ah, Draco.”  The voice is still pleasant and fond, but you can sense what’s coming in your bones.  “I don’t believe you’ve been dismissed.”

Your old school rival can sense it too, you know, because there’s a muted despair in his eyes when he turns around, as your eyes flicker in between him and the other.  “My Lord, you offered me immunity,” he says, even though you can tell he knows it’s not going to work.

“Yes, yes, I did.”  You close your eyes but the beautiful, melodious syllables still thrum through your veins.  “But you know what’s interesting about bargaining with traitors, Draco?”  Almost as an afterthought, you hear a mild “And Hermione, sweetheart, please open your eyes.”

Oh God.  It takes an effort, a long hard effort to force your lids up, and you wouldn’t have if not for the iron in that voice, that horribly familiar different alien voice.  Even when you finally get them open, seeing through a haze of exhausted tears, you don’t look straight ahead; you keep turned towards Draco.

“That’s it.”  There’s smug pleasure in those two words.  “Now, Draco; as much as I appreciate your efforts, how am I going to know that you’re not going to turn out a traitor?  Again, that is.”

To