bathroom were a welcome break from the bustle of the Department just beyond. Everyone always complained about Monday mornings, but for some reason, Harry had always believed that Tuesdays were worse, and the current one had barely even started, yet was quickly proving his theory.

Finishing with a little shake, Harry tucked himself away as he walked over to wash his hands in the nearest sink. He was studying his features in the mirror briefly when a sudden muffled retching made him jump in surprise. It had come from the stalls behind him, and he quickly turned to face the only closed door in the row. He hadn’t paid attention to it when walking in, since the room had been quiet enough to appear empty before that.

Trying to calm his pulse after the initial scare, Harry heard another noise, this one definitely the sound of someone vomiting.

“Are you alright?” he called out, listening for movement from the closed stall. He leaned over to look through the little gap under the door, seeing the soles of a pair of shoes of someone kneeling on the floor in front of the toilet seat. “Hello? Do you need any help?”

Heavy breathing and the rustle of toilet paper reached his ears as he moved closer to the stall, and he straightened up when the person on the other side shuffled onto their feet. The loud flush of the toilet broke the relative silence of the room, and Harry halted abruptly when the door flew open to reveal a furious looking Malfoy.

“Out of the way, Potter,” Malfoy bit out as his slightly shiny grey eyes held Harry’s for a few charged seconds. No doubt the result of being sick just moments ago, his face was flushed a blotchy red over an unusually pale complexion, even for him. His expression was pinched and tired looking, his eyes sitting just that tiny bit deeper over dark patches of paper thin skin.

Flashbacks to another time and place assailed Harry at the sight; a time when he’d come across Malfoy, looking just as pale and frail, in a bathroom not that unlike the one they were currently in. He managed to halt the images before they could play out the nothing short of sinister results of his instinctive reaction. It made cold guilt curl anew in his stomach, and Harry swallowed heavily as he reached out for Malfoy, not really in control of the movement.

“Hey, are you sure you’re okay?” he said, his voice much softer than even he’d expected.

Malfoy quickly side-stepped his hand and sneered as he walked sideways towards the sinks behind Harry, keeping them facing each other all the way just like their training had told them to do when confronted with potentially harmful situations. Harry’s eyes fell to Malfoy’s hand then, seeing his wand tremble slightly where it pointed at him.

“Just fuck off, would you, Potter? You’ve done quite enough already!”

Malfoy’s eyes had taken on a wild quality, like that of a cornered beast, and his words stung more than they should be allowed. Harry took a quick step back as he felt his face fall into a scowl. So what if Malfoy looked like death warmed up? So what if he was being sick? He could go on and expel his intestines through his mouth, for all Harry cared.

“You know, Malfoy, if it’s all the same to you, I think I just might,” he said in as much of a disinterested tone as he could manage, and in a repeat of the incident in his office, left without a backwards glance.

 

--o--

 

If Harry had been the one in charge, that would have been the last of his weird encounters with Malfoy. Sadly, though, it seemed he had no influence on how things went when it came to the blond prat.

That following Friday, Harry received an owl just before lunch, summoning him post haste to St. Mungo’s maternity ward. Instant fear lodged a heavy lump inside his throat as he grabbed his cloak from the back of his chair and rushed to his Floo. All sorts of horrifying scenarios involving Hermione, who was nearly five months pregnant, flashed through his mind in the short time it took him to rush his way up to the ward and lean over the receptionist’s desk.

“Where is she?” he panted, the panic rising in his chest and making him shake a little.

“Name?” asked the smiling middle-aged woman manning the reception, before looking down and leafing through a thick stack of parchment.

“Hermione Granger-Weasley.” Harry swallowed around the lump, or at least tried to.

The nurse looked up from her parchments, her smile turning hesitant. “I’m sorry, there’s no patient here by that name.”

“But I was called here urgently!” he hissed to keep himself from shouting, and noticed the pregnant young woman seated in the corner glance at him above her magazine. His palms were beginning to sweat.

“And what’s your name, young man?” The nurse’s smile was back in full force