, and this happens.

“Remus?” Sirius asked again, his expression turning worried.

“Fine.” Remus answered, a bit loudly. “I’m fine, Sirius.”

“That’s not what I asked, and it’s not the truth, but I suppose I gotta take what I can get.” Sirius replied, stirring his soup around with little interest. He seemed almost amused with the entire situation, and that royally pissed his companion off. 

Remus shoved a spoonful of soup into his mouth, swallowing the burning liquid without a taste. He saw Tonks giggling out of the corner of his eye, her hand clasped over her mouth as she watched Charlie gesture wildly. Remus forced his focus on his friend instead.

“I know I’m rather pretty, but It’d be great if you’d stop admiring me.” Sirius said cheekily, sipping on a flask from God knows where. He’d made himself quite at home at the Burrow’s mismatched dining table, leaning back in his seat and crossing his arms over his chest. He was as happy as Remus had seen him in ages, a youthful glimmer in his eyes, and it couldn’t help but heal Remus’s sour mood a small fraction.

“Don’t flatter yourself.” Remus grumbled, crumpling the napkin in his lap anxiously. He wanted out of the situation dearly, wanted to hole up in his room at Grimmauld Place and lick his open wounds until the pain was bearable. 

“Lighten up, buttercup.” Sirius told him, a wicked grin painting his features, his hair wild around his face. He looked like a perfect portrait of his younger self, eager to engage in activities that would only aid his expulsion from school. There was something else glinting in his dark eyes, though, something Remus couldn’t put his finger on.

“You did put yourself in this situation, after all.” 

There it was- the glint in his eyes, the coldness of his statement, the blank grin he gave Remus. He was enraged on the inside, and it hit Remus that perhaps Sirius’s moodiness over the course of the past few weeks were provoked by his best friend, instead of just his normal bouts of depression. 

No, Remus realized, Sirius was furious. Furious that he had rejected his cousin, furious that he had declared a love unrequited when it was in fact very, very requited. And, if Remus knew Sirius Black at all, he was furious that his best friend had allowed himself to cut himself off, once again, by the hands of his own worthlessness and self-repulsion. 

Instead of an equally frosty reply, or a rare surge of anger, Remus instead took a sip of his tea, his mind a mess. Somewhere down the table, Charlie had slung an arm around a Metamorphmagus, pulling her small frame into the crook of his shoulder as they both chuckled over an elaborate hoax described by Fred Weasley. Remus drank more tea.

He could see it behind his eyelids, a constant imagination in his head. He could picture them embarking on dates, dining at fancy restaurants and wrangling rare creatures. Training dragons and seeing the opera on the weekends. Remus could picture Charlie kissing her, hands tangled in her hair as it ran through the colors of the rainbow, a brilliant shade of pink fading into greens, blues, and reds, until landing on an elated yellow. Could picture them falling into bed, him slipping off her dress as she muttered his name like a vow.

“I must go.” Remus announced quickly, standing so suddenly that his chair was almost toppled over. His eyes were large, his breath quick and his appearance even shabbier than normal, and to the rest of his fellow wizards, he seemed to be in shambles. The room was deadly silent.

“Remus, honey, are you not feeling-” Molly, ever the guardian, began to inquire, before being cut off quickly.

“The moon.” Remus said, hating himself even more as he kept talking. He never talked about his condition; they accepted him here, but he wondered just how far that acceptance would stretch. “It is still, ah, bothering me after my moon.”

The silence was made even more uncomfortable and awkward, and he found himself wanting to lash out violently. He was a fool, even when he made the right decision, the one best for everyone’s wellbeing. Still a pathetic fool.

He swiftly left the room, going to reclaim his coat from the hangar by the doorway. He faintly heard the sound of silverware clinking again as the guests began to enjoy their dinner once more.

“Sorry,” He heard Sirius say to the table. “He’s a bit- ah, what’s the word- moody as of late.”

Lupin apparition with a sharp crack, a snarl on his lips.

Sirius didn’t even come home that night.

It somehow fueled Remus’s foul mood even more, igniting a harsh feeling towards Sirius, one that he hadn’t felt for the man since their feuds in school. He had