company of friends who made her laugh. 

It began to rain just as they reached the main street of the village, so they ducked into Honeydukes to while away the time until Andromeda was supposed to meet Ted. Andy bought candy to send to her young cousins - Peppermint Toads for Sirius, Chocolate Frogs for Regulus - and a packet of toffees for herself. 

The downpour had slowed to a drizzle by the time they left, and with the hoods of their cloaks pulled up they hurried down the street towards The Three Broomsticks, dodging puddles and trying not to slip on the wet cobblestones. As they neared the entrance to the pub, Andy recognized the four figures sheltering in the doorway: Ted, Edgar, Alice, and Frank. Ted wore Muggle clothing, as he usually did in his leisure time. His dark grey coat highlighted his broad shoulders far better than a cloak would have, and untidy wisps of blond hair stuck out from
under his knit cap. When he spotted her at last, his face lit up with one of those dazzling smiles that never failed to make Andy smile, too. 

Edgar had noticed them, too. “Ruth! Delia! Anwen!” he called, waving them down. Ted’s best friend was a handsome boy with reddish-brown hair and an aquiline nose, shorter than Ted and usually more serious. Today, however, he looked downright cheerful. “Care to join us? Alice needs new quills, so we’re going to stop in at Scrivenshaft’s. Give these two some time to themselves.” He nudged Ted, grinning, and Ted’s cheeks - already pink from the cold - turned red.  

“Alright,” Anwen said, “but I want to go to Spintwitches, too. I’m nearly out of broom handle polish.” She took Delia’s hand and bounded forward to join the others. Ruth followed them, turning to wave to Andromeda before falling into step with Edgar, and soon the whole group passed beyond the building and out of sight. 

Ted and Andromeda looked at each other for a moment, then Ted opened the door of the pub and held it open for her with an elaborate bow. “After you,” he said in the stuffiest accent he could manage. Andy giggled, then stepped into the noisy warmth of the pub.  

She went to the bar and ordered two Butterbeers, paying for them both before he could protest. What was the point of being from a wealthy family if you didn’t treat your friends? The knowledge that her parents would probably both drop dead from shock if they knew that their most marriageable daughter was going on a date with a Muggle-born would only make the drink taste sweeter. 

The Three Broomsticks was packed with students and townsfolk alike, but they found an empty table in a back corner, far enough from the center of the room to give them some semblance of privacy. Andy took off her damp cloak and shook out her hair, and Ted’s eyebrows rose. 

“You look nice, ‘Dromeda,” he said. Ted had been dropping the first syllable of her name for years, both to tease her and as a gesture of affection, but now hearing it in his deep voice made Andy blush. “Muggle clothes suit you.” 

She twirled around, showing off, feeling triumphant when she made him laugh. “The skirt is Ruth’s,” she admitted, grabbing the back of her chair to steady herself and sitting down. 

Ted removed his coat and hat and joined her. “Still, lose the cloak and you’d fit right in at one of my Mum’s parties. She’d love that sweater. You should come to Easter dinner, I’m sure you’d be a hit - my parents are always on about how I should bring my school friends to visit more often.” 

“I wish I could,” Andy said, imagining what her parents would say if she told them she wanted to spend a holiday at a Muggle house. “Your family sounds awfully nice, Ted.” 

He must have caught the wistful note in her voice, for the laughter in his face turned quickly to sympathetic concern. “Bellatrix still not speaking to you?” 

Andy shook her head, staring down into her mug. She hadn’t meant to talk about her family troubles on their first date, but Ted knew plenty about it already, and he was such a good listener.

“She’s barely said two words to me since I refused to stop spending time with you and Ruth,” she murmured. “Whenever we pass each other in the corridors she looks at me like I’m something nasty she just scraped off her shoe. Narcissa will still speak to me if we’re alone and I talk to her first, but when she’s with Bella or her friends she just walks by me like I’m not there. My own sisters.” Andy sniffled, trying to blink the tears out of her eyes. “I’m sorry, Ted, I didn’t mean to get so upset.” 

Ted rummaged in his coat pocket, pulled out a handkerchief,