end of the bed fully dressed with his arms crossed over his chest. It made Draco want to hiss because that, the way he stood, it was one of the ways that turned him on the most. Just seeing him like that made him hard, made him weak in the knees, made him want to do whatever he was told, and so he obeyed. The wood of the headboard was rough, but he managed somehow to wrap his hands around it and hold on.

"Yes, sir."

"Good." He circled to the side of the bed, and idly dragged a hand over Draco's chest, like he was checking dried herbs for dryness. He panted his way through it, aching, almost unable to bear that single, steady touch. The idea of it continuing seemed difficult, impossible, he didn't know what, and yet.

And yet.

"Tell me what that feels like." He repeated the gesture, expression schooled, no hint to Draco of what he wanted except compliance.

That was going to be the most difficult thing; obeying, when everything felt... so much. Too much, and he whined, licking his lips again before managing to pull himself together enough to speak. "Strong." His voice was hoarse. "Too... too much. I can feel everything."

"More. What does too much feel like?" His fingers strayed from bored stroking, to tweak Draco's left nipple tightly. He couldn't stop himself from whimpering, his hands tightening on the headboard, and he panted his way through it, unsteady aching breaths that made him, made him.. he didn't know.

There was only one word for it. "Overwhelming. Too much. Too much, it's..." He couldn't keep back the little sounds, whines and whimpers, pleading noises. "Oh. Sir!"

"Shhh. Tight hold on that headboard. I'm going to fuck a new hole into you before this is all done, and I want you to think about every moment, every touch." He stepped back, stopped touching Draco entirely, and started to slowly unbutton his robes.

Oh, fuck. Maybe he even said as much, and he wanted to stop. He wanted to say no, and yet he also wanted to do as he was told. Conflicting desires were nothing new in Draco's world, but this terrified him just a bit. Maybe even quite a lot, because just the shift and touch of velvet prickling against his skin made him want to yell. The idea of stretching around Severus's dick...

Fuck.

"Be quiet for a moment," he goaded gently, setting his outer robe aside carefully, before starting at his shirt.

Quiet. Quiet, quiet, and he had to bite down on his lip to even begin, and that. That was, it hurt. It hurt, brought tears to his eyes, made Severus fuzzy just to see, but he managed it. Somehow.

Barely.

"You can make noise now," he granted as he stepped back closer to Draco, naked again, and it broke from him in a rush, little whimpers and sounds, nothing he could hold back given permission. With the first touch of a hand brushing against him, he moaned and tried to arch away from it, fingers just barely retaining their hold on the slats.

"If you let go, I stop," Severus reminded him, shifting, sliding his hand down to Draco's hip.

He wanted him to stop. Wanted it to be over, and he didn't, because he wanted... more than anything, he wanted to please. He wanted to feel, and he felt everything, too much, so much, and maybe he was saying it, maybe he was begging for it, hot and the stinging in his eyes could be tears or sweat. He couldn't be sure. "Please. Pleasepleaseplease."

"Shhhh. I'm making this quick, and it feels like forever, doesn't it?" He was smiling as he asked it, wrapping fingers around Draco's dick.

Forever, eternity, and his entire body slammed upwards, and that. That sound, it couldn't be him, that sound. It was too much, far too much, and he was begging, pleading desperately, and he didn't know if he could bear it.

"Remember." It was hard to remember what he even needed to remember, but he clenched his fingers, rough wood under his palms as Severus knelt on the bed, wand in hand.

All he had to do. All he had to do was obey. Obey, and keep holding on, and he wasn't sure what the reward for that was, not really, or maybe he just couldn't remember it, and then he screamed because that was. That was much too much, magic like electricity and he thought that he wouldn't be able to do it. Couldn't, but Severus wanted him to, and that as much as anything seemed to