leading him to the one he wished to find.

A shimmering purple dress, blond hair… it had to be Luna Lovegood. Why did he have to dance with her, of all people? Although he had to admit, it was very much like him to choose someone unpopular and a bit odd as a partner. Half to avoid suspicion, half because he felt she was a kindred soul or something like that. Yes, he always liked to say such nonsense.

His deep green and gold mask was glistening in the low light, hiding his scar and his beautiful green eyes. Most of his face was hidden – Tom had made sure of that when he had it custom made – but he would never mistake another for him. Even if he had not known every inch of his lover’s face so well it vividly haunted his vision day and night, the small bite marks just under his collar were a complete giveaway.

The couple in front of him was spinning around slowly, not dancing too closely like some of the others around them. It was obvious they were not flirting or even remotely attracted to each other as anything more than friends. Then why did he feel such a powerful wave of jealousy? He wanted to twist her pale little arms until they snapped. He wanted to pull out all of her hair. Burn that shimmering dress. Why did he have to be surrounded by so many teachers and students, unable to act at once?

This simply would not do. Not at all.


Lord Voldemort does not share. 


 

*

 

Luna smiled at Harry.

“It was lovely of you to ask me to the party, Harry,” she said dreamily, twirling around in his arms to the music. Her face was hidden behind a yellow and sparkly mask, but behind it, her eyes were staring at him, wide open. He always felt like she could see right through him.

“It’s my pleasure,” he replied politely, letting the corner of his lip lift up slightly. “I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself.”

They danced somewhat awkwardly for a bit, never getting too close to each other. Before the song even finished, Luna was pulled away for the next dance by a tall, somewhat bulky boy with a pale grey mask.

Harry’s stomach seemed to flip and clench dangerously when he realised that it was most likely Nott, an older Slytherin and one of his followers. They made the strangest couple ever, Luna dressed in a bright dress and walking with a skip in her step and Nott, stiffly following her lead with hunched shoulders as though he’d rather be anywhere else on the planet.

He wasn’t given time to go rescue Nott from his overly enthusiastic companion, when a pair of strong arms wrapped themselves around him from behind.

“Hello,” said a deep, soothing voice right in his ear. “Dance with me?”

Harry did not immediately turn around. He allowed himself to be pulled closer, feeling the soothing touch of his Horcrux in the ring hidden underneath his captor’s gloves. His familiar scent enveloped Harry and he smiled, finally turning around to face the man behind him.

His gaze fell upon the smooth, perfect lips of his lover which he had senselessly kissed in abandon all too long ago, during a few stolen moments in a broom cupboard. His body reacted to his lascivious thoughts accordingly and he pressed himself even closer to him, burying his face in the man’s loose black cloak.

“Tom,” he whispered, his voice trembling with need and grabbing onto his waist firmly. He heard his lover chuckle pleasantly.

“Missed me?”  the Slytherin almost purred, letting his hands travel down Harry’s body and place themselves in the pockets of his trousers.

“Shut up!” he retorted in frustration. They never had the time to sneak out to meet anymore, not since Tom had made Head Boy at the start of the school year. Once every two weeks really wasn’t enough.

“Shh, love,” Tom whispered. “We can’t be recognised, remember?”

“I know,” Harry scowled into the dark material, but he knew his lover could tell anyway. He always did, somehow. Maybe it was another side effect of the scar he’d given Harry two years prior, when he stumbled into the girl’s bathroom on the second floor by accident. Tom tried to kill him, but the curse rebounded, seriously hurting them both. Harry was left with an odd, lightning shaped scar which seemed to act up whenever Tom was feeling extreme emotions. He also started to be able to speak Parseltongue and afterwards, Riddle trailed after him all the time to make sure he wouldn’t spill to any teachers about what he was doing and that he had tried to kill Harry. They had somehow fallen in love after that, initially driven by lust for each other, which then turned into something deeper when Tom came to save him from his abusive muggle uncle.

“Dance with me?” his lover asked, pulling Harry along as he moved to the slow music. It didn’t take long for the