, he pulled away. 

"I'm sorry, George." 

He'd seen more than enough of this girl in school, starting his fourth year. No matter where he and his brother were, she wasn't far off. Very quiet, always trying to hide behind a group of passing Slytherins, or pretending to ignore them, but it seemed like she was always there. 

"I don't want your pity," he grumbled, continuing to ignore her. 

The first time they'd spoken, she'd said the same thing. Bullied by older kids in her own house, she'd been left outside without a coat or her robe. Taking pity on the poor first year had been Fred's idea, surprisingly. Pranks were one thing, he'd said, being mean was quite another. Even if she was in Slytherin. 

They'd snuck out and draped a quilted blanket their mother had made over her shoulders. She'd stood quickly, pulled the blanket close around her shoulders, and glared at them. "I don't want the pity of two Gryffindor fourth years!" She had kept the blanket, though. 

"I'm not asking you to take my pity," she replied, fiddling with something in her lap. 

"Oh?" 

"You're not the only person who lost someone that day, George Weasley." 

George couldn't bring himself to care; Fred had been the only person important who died that day. Aside from Voldemort. And only one of those men's deaths made the world a better place; the other darkened it. 

"You keep asking yourself, 'Why wasn't it me?' don't you?" Trissie asked, her voice quavering. "You want to take back the whole battle and hope you can protect him. Keep him from leaving you." 

George's ear perked up. She was speaking some of his recurring thoughts aloud. 

"I... I feel the same way, George. About Collin. About Fred. About every single person that died in that damn castle." She lapsed into silent sobs. "But, there isn't much we can do about it now, is there?" Tris asked finally, wiping her eyes. "I'm not saying forget Fred. I'm not saying don't mourn him. But you have to get on with your life." She took his hand again with both of hers. 

George looked over at the girl; she was no longer the innocent little Slytherin he'd given the blanket to. The scar that marred her face made him wince, and he had to look away. The pretty face of a sheltered sixth year school girl was gone; the tortured face of a woman who'd lived through hell had replaced it. 

"Look at me, George." 

George refused to look. He had to deny that there were people worse off than him. Nobody could truly be worse off than him; he was only half a person. Nothing could be worse than half a person. 

"It'll get better, George, you'll see." 

"I doubt that," George shot back bitterly, turning to look at the girl again. 

Tris dropped his hand and stood up. "Fine. Be the pessimist. But let me tell you just how great a life you have. My family disowned me for standing against the Dark Lord. My boyfriend, who was coincidentally my only friend in school, is dead. I'm not old enough to do magic for another month, and I'm homeless. I have no money to buy my school supplies for next year or any way to get a job!" 

Tris stood there, fire in her eyes as she refused to cry in front of this older man. The man who had been her idol in school. "I used to look up to you, George. You didn't let anything get you down. Not even Umbridge. But right now, you're being pathetic." She threw the bundle that she'd been fiddling with at George before storming back into the house. 

He just sat there staring at it, even after Ginny came out and chewed his remaining ear off. "I mean, really, George? Tris was only trying to make you feel better. You didn't have to be a prick about it!" 

Ginny eventually went away. George was still staring at the bundle. It was the blanket he and Fred had given Trissie so many years ago. It wasn't the first time they'd passed it back and forth. 

At the end of his fourth year (her first), she'd found the pair stewing over Ginny's disappearance in a corner of the Great Hall. In silent understanding and apology, Tris had draped the blanket over their shoulders and left before any Slytherins would notice her. 

They passed it back to her when they found her crying in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom the next year. And she'd given it back after she heard that Professor McGonagall had managed to confiscate all of their dung