have used it. Maybe then, some of his friends would have survived the First War…

Voldemort looks at him like he’s grown another head. Oh, yeah, he spaced out a little. Overdosing on magic enhancing potions tended to do that. Got a little high sometimes….

“So are you going to kill me now?” he asks with a smirk. The Dark Lord should be happy enough to acquiesce.

“Should I?” Voldemort drawls and puts away his wand instead. Harry gapes and then, after a moment, realises there is a pressure on his mind. Damn it, he’d forgotten all about using Occlumency – hadn’t needed to in years. Muggles aren’t exactly skilled in the mind arts after all, and who else did he have to hide from when they were all dead?

“Damn,” he breathes, but  within moments, decides that he doesn’t actually care. He’d jumped into the Veil prepared to die. Whatever happened now… wouldn’t change anything.

Voldemort takes several moments to look him over. Harry can feel the magic crackling around them and marvels at the feeling or wholeness it brings him. He even marvels at how he’d been stupid enough not to notice it until it was far too late. They could have done such great things together…

The Dark Lord paces around Harry, who is still sprawled out on the floor lazily. He’s watching him carefully, intimately and calculatingly. Every step, something new is decided and Harry knows the fate of this world, of a different future, is decided.

“This isn’t the first time you’ve been here,” Voldemort murmurs, fascinated. Harry just blinks up at the man uncomprehendingly.

“Magic is… timeless,” Voldemort says, sensing his curiosity. Harry’s mind is wide open, though he doesn’t have the strength or the motivation to shield it either way. “It always leaves traces. No matter how much the timeline has been distorted, there will always be traces.

“You’ve been here before, in a different past and a different future. Your indecision and inability to do what is necessary have always brought you back right… here.”

Harry mulls this over in his head for several moments. Really, he just feels tired. He’s had the fate of the world on his shoulders for what feels an eternity, but now he really doesn’t give a flying fuck. He’d tried saving the Muggles, but they’d destroyed themselves and the world around them in the process. Like cancer, they’d spread and burned through every last spark of good in the world until life everywhere had been extinguished. The Wizards weren’t much better. They were selfish and overconfident. They’d spurned the Muggles into action, driving and feeding the flames of their fear. No matter what he’d do, no matter how hard Harry would try…

“Harry, look at me,” Voldemort commands, almost kneeling in front of him. The cool, crimson eyes are a familiar, soothing sight for Harry’s confused, tired mind. “There is another way.”

There is a silence.

“Remember, under the dungeons of Hogwarts, I told you that together we could accomplish anything?” Harry nods numbly, trying to push away the pain these thoughts bring him. Ron, Hermione, Ginny… they all died, torn apart by Muggle weapons. “I did not lie to you. You can still change the future, avoid the inevitable and carve your own path…”

It’s terrifyingly charismatic and Harry wants to believe him. He wants this sliver of hope to hang on to, but it’s too good to be true. He’s scared of losing everything again. Years of fighting and losing had turned him into a wreck, a coward and a liar. If only Dumbledore could see him now!

Voldemort is calm, collected, compelling. The speech sounds almost rehearsed and Harry feels the drop in his gut when he realises that it’s probably because he has said it many times before. How many times? How many times had Harry chosen to condemn the world due to his own unreasonable apprehension to the man who had taken so much from him? The thought makes him shudder. He used to hate Voldemort… no, he thought he had. Hate, strong and consuming, had been unknown to him all those years, until he saw Wizards stripped of their powers, burned from the inside out by their own bodies, unable to cope. He had hated Muggles then. Voldemort’s coldblooded, although relatively humane by comparison, murder of his parents had faded in his mind. He had not known his parents. Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna, Neville, countless others… he’d known them and seen their last, suffering moments as they begged for mercy.

If he had a chance, however slim, to prevent the slaughter of the people he loved…. He would… Harry strangled the thought right there. He told himself, it would all be over now. He