tingling sensation at his spine. “So what stopped you?” he asked defiantly.

Lucius sighed. “What good would it do me, if I cannot go beyond the wards of this hovel? Your little friends would take one look at your dead body and lynch me before the Aurors could arrive.”

“You tested the wards,” Harry said flatly. “And I’m only alive because you couldn’t break them.”

He saw Lucius’s eyes darken as he lowered his head slightly and curled up his upper lip.

“Could you even blame me? Leopards don’t change their spots, Potter, it is you who should have been more careful. But no harm done, you were once again lucky.”

Harry shook his head, turned on his heels and left the kitchen. He wasn’t hungry anymore.

He couldn’t let Lucius win though, not if he wanted to maintain the status quo. He was master of this house. He’d be the one who made the rules. Only he would decide what was and was not acceptable behaviour.

When Lucius had asked for clothes the night before, Harry had briefly considered buying him a new wardrobe in Diagon Alley. It would even be the quality clothing befitting a Malfoy, a sort of ‘thank you’ for his gentle treatment during the bonding.

Harry rushed up the stairs for the fourth floor. He’d stripped and changed almost the entire house over the summer, but he’d left the top floor the way it had been when Sirius was alive. The one door still read SIRIUS, but it was the other door he pushed open.

Kreacher had taken almost everything in his despair, holding on to his dead master’s favourite items. Luckily he’d left Regulus’s wardrobe alone, and it was filled with soft silks and rich cottons. The designs were dated and the colours faded by time, but high quality nonetheless.

Harry folded enough of them into a rough pile to last a week, and stuffed them under his left arm. He was not going to let himself be lulled into a false sense of security again. Lucius was a Slytherin, and he had years of experience over Harry.

He held onto the railing as he rushed downstairs, sliding down the last two steps, almost falling flat on his ass.

Lucius wasn’t on the third floor, so he quickly dropped the pile of second hand clothes on the bed in the smallest bedroom, and retreated to his own room on the first floor. Maybe space and time wasn’t what he needed. Maybe he just needed to pick up his life where it had left off before Malfoy.



 




Lucius stayed out of his way as requested. He only showed up for dinner, after which he grudgingly took up a scrub sponge. They didn’t really speak at the dinner table, apart from Harry’s polite ‘good evenings’. At least, not until Saturday.

“Potter,” Lucius said. “I’d like to be permitted to use the Black Library.”

Harry looked up from his meat and two veg, only to see the unreadable expression Lucius always wore on his face.

“Uhm, no,” he replied and took another bite of carrots.

“I will not spend my days in my room, waiting for one to blend into another, boy. I have read that book on Magical arts and crafts seven times already. And let us not even mention the fact that I have no interest in crocheting Charms to start with,” Lucius couldn’t hold back the indignation from showing through his iron mask.

Harry smiled to himself. So that was what that book had been about.

“That’s all very well, but I’m not allowing you into a library that’s filled with a million ways to cause mayhem without a wand,” Harry replied, staring into the distance for a minute, his fingers resting on his bottom lip. “I will pick some books for you to read.”

“Magnificent,” Lucius muttered. “How I look forward to sampling your literary palette.”

“I do promise there will be no books on magical knitting or embroidery.”

The glare Lucius shot at Harry only made him chuckle lightly.



 




He owled Draco.

The reply was a rather large package, heavy too, if the way the black owl was struggling with it was any indication.

When Harry opened it, it proved to be a small stack of books on topics varying between English Poetry, Scottish Deerhounds and Rose-Breeding.

It came with a short note:

“I’ll be over for tea at three.”

Harry sighed. He’d known that at some point he would be entertaining Draco as a guest. He was worried about how the man would feel about his father shacking up with his former adversary. He was also worried that the two Malfoys together would prove more than he could handle.

Harry wasn’t entirely sure why, but he didn’t tell Lucius his son would be over for tea.

Still, when the doorbell rang at three, he called him down into the living room.

“Harry,” Draco said immediately