terrible, wonderful things to him. "Then I'll have to go shopping again sometime."

Yes, perhaps, and Severus leaned down, pressing his mouth to Draco's shoulder before beginning to push the dress off of him. His fingers tangled in smaller straps and he paused, pulling away for a moment to see what it was.

Lingerie. Black straps that implied something silky once he got the dress off of Draco.

"Only if I can accompany you. And watch you try things on." And embarrass the store staff and generally enjoy himself by scandalizing Muggles without having to show a tiny flash of any magics that could get him detected. There were so many other ways to take things out on people, and so many other ways to enjoys himself.

His lips found skin, hand stealing inside the dress to stroke it further off of Draco. The difference in texture between the two materials was quite nice, and the shivering response he got implied that his touch was greatly appreciated even as the dress fell to the floor. "Mmmm. I'll have to find a specialty store, then, for proper lingerie."

"Garter belts?" That Severus could imagine that quite so well was probably telling, but he liked it. Kissed the back of Draco's neck and just let his hands roam slowly, feeling, enjoying Draco in his arms. "There, I think you can step out of it now. I'll hang it up later."

It was no surprise when Draco turned instead of stepping out. He had never followed orders at all well, so Severus simply expected the unexpected. "Take me to bed and make me yours."

He nudged Draco backwards with a knee and pressure from his thigh, and tried not to step on the dress while they moved past it. "Shall I leave your lingerie on?"

"Oh, yes." Yes, of course, that was certainly part of the draw. It was lovely, black in the light coming in from the hallway and the window with an edge of lace at the bottom. Leaving it on would leave the image of a pretty woman, never mind the lovely young man who lay beneath that slip of silk.

He still liked the lovely young man best, but it pleased Draco to try on new roles, new skins, to imagine and pretend. Severus was more than willing to help him with that. Particularly as it garnered him moments like his pet lying back on the mattress, legs akimbo, the edge of silk highlighting his skin. The delightful curl of his mouth, the way one hand trailed up his stomach to press against a chest that still looked fuller than it should, well. That was just one of the many benefits he hadn't truly expected when they'd gotten into this particular situation.

"Fuck me." Ah, his lips said one thing, but the way he moved implied another altogether, and Severus moved over him, capturing that wicked mouth with his own. He tasted sharply of chocolate and exotic fruit with a faint edge of wine, and that made him want Draco even more.

He took his time tasting, lips lingering slowly against Draco's mouth while he let his fingers linger up the outside line of Draco's thigh. "Perhaps." Perhaps, except that wasn't what Draco wanted. Not really, and one smooth leg came up, leaving himself even more open to Severus's touch.

"Please." It was a very pretty word, one that he enjoyed hearing as it parted those lips, and he moved, turning into Severus so sweetly that it was difficult not to take advantage of him more quickly.

He stayed his own hand, just rucking the edge of that lace line a little higher, enough to get a teasing brush of fingers against Draco's balls. The sigh and half a groan he got for his effort was worth the time he took lingering. Most of the time, Draco was of the faster-harder-more school of sex. This was something new -- teasing him was making him even hotter, making him writhe and squirm and bite at his lips. The enjoyment of that alone meant that they would inevitably have to do this again.

Taking his time was no hardship, not when it got him more kisses, teasing brushes against Draco's genitals, a bit of fabric hitched down so he could stroke the edge of Draco's chest, pressing against sensitive skin but not quite able to reach where he wanted to. "More?"

"Please." He liked that word, wanted more of it. Draco whimpered prettily when he was kissed, and Severus slipped a hand down over the silk. It was something of a surprise to find the warmth of a small breast beneath his fingertips, the nipple pearled into hardness and slightly larger than usual. The flush sneaking over Draco's nose and cheeks made him want to kiss him again, and he saw no reason to resist that urge.

He gave a laugh, not mocking, just enjoyment, and gently tweaked that nipple, pressing between thumb and forefinger. "Marvelous. You're a master of