old obsession. Tom Riddle. Older, changed – with a distinct reptilian aspect which only made him more striking. He hissed tales of death and the existence as a ghost, of what secrets he had uncovered during the years he’d been gone… of how Dumbledore had manipulated him, but was too afraid to let him know too much. He said Harry knew nothing of the true extent of his manipulations.

The low, sensual hisses were tormenting, forever echoing in his head. If Tom Riddle’s sixteen-year-old self had been charismatic, this incarnation of Voldemort was able to weave his words a hundred times better, leaving Harry enraptured with every word as they spilled smoothly from the pale, almost lipless mouth.

They discussed so many things, it was just so easy to talk, forget of all that transpired between them before that Harry often found himself disbelieving that such a charming, intelligent man was a mindless mass murderer without purpose.

 Until the news came that Voldemort had returned… Confused, scared and excited, Harry had to make sure for himself. He threw himself into spying on all of the old Death Eaters, waiting for a chance to tail one of them to a gathering. And there was the Dark Lord, terrifying and cruel as Harry had remembered him, but considerably more sane. Well, Harry’s own standards may have been slipping, but Voldemort seemed much more in control of his emotions and magic than at the height of his second rise to power – in Harry’s fourth year at Hogwarts. It felt as though it was a lifetime ago that he watched Cedric Diggory drop lifelessly to the ground and then witness the rebirth of the most powerful Dark Lord of the century.

Voldemort’s eyes seemed to follow him, even under the invisibility cloak. Yet he did nothing, but smirked at Harry, before continuing with the welcoming speech to his minions.

Something strange happened, then. The pain in his scar stopped, vanishing altogether.

The anxiety that was tightening his chest, making it hard to breathe, was replaced with excitement instead. He felt lightheaded and aroused, to the point of his entire body shaking involuntarily. Confused, he fled the old manor, unnoticed by any of the present Death Eaters. He ran straight home, his heart racing.

“Voldemort is back,” was all he could say, his feelings too intense to put into words otherwise. His mind was racing, trying fond find any explanation for the Dark Lord’s return, but unable to make sense of any of it. He reappeared virtually from nowhere, even though almost ten years had passed since Harry had killed Nagini, the last Horcrux and then duelled with Voldemort himself, barely coming out of it alive.

“How?” she choked out, her eyes brimming with barely held back tears. He felt something within him break at the sight of her, unable to move forward to hug and comfort her or say it will all be ok. He didn’t know why he felt so unmoved by her tears or why he didn’t simply tell her he’d seen Voldemort and that he’d suspected he’d been back for months already. His lips formed a thin line, self inflicted silence sealing them firmly. He felt numb and detached under Ginny’s crestfallen gaze, unable to call forth the warm affection he once held for her. So he left, his movements almost mechanical, closing the door behind him to shut out the image of his wife curled up on the bed with tears streaming down her face.

He shut himself away after that, perusing the depths of his mind for answers. Voldemort hovered in his thoughts; in all his dreams and then even every waking moment. He felt haunted, but the Dark Lord’s presence was comforting at times. He revealed to Harry the true extent of Dumbledore’s machinations. He even told Harry how he came to possess a real body once more. The parts of his soul in the Horcrux did not die upon its destruction. It is beyond wizards, even in this day, to eradicate a soul.  Instead, they dissipated, their power lost, but not gone. As long as even one piece of his soul remained living, the others could not leave this world either. He spent a decade as a hopeless ghost, searching for his lost Horcruxes. They were the weak parts of him, parts he wanted to cast out, but he had to welcome them back out of necessity. He merged back with them, slowly regaining the strength to wield his old magic and used an ancient sacrificial ritual to obtain a young, healthy body. It had once belonged to a muggle, but changed upon infusion of his dark powers. With more of his soul back came back the clarity of thinking, his old feelings and memories. He remembered his true purpose behind the hatred of Muggles. None of that mattered to Harry though. Having lived in the wizarding world for almost twenty years, he now truly saw the difference between magic and non-magic human. Muggles treated each other like filth, bred like rabbits and destroyed the very planet they lived on.