. Identical boys froze, looking for the source of the noise. When they found you in the gloom, there was even less movement. You eyed the one on the ground, George, critically. Whatever he was carrying was heavy... "Is that for Charlie?"

George nodded slowly, thinking fast on how to talk his way out of being caught in the middle of a prank.

"Yeah, yeah, that's it! It's for Charlie!" the one in the window, Fred, replied.

You smiled good-naturedly. "Let me help you." They nodded as you pulled out your wand and levitated the sack up and through the window.

"Excellent. Thanks!" George grinned at you before taking off to a door that would permit him to enter the Burrow. Fred pulled up the rope and waved down at you. "Have a good night!"

You waved back and leaned on the side of the house again. What nice brothers Charlie had, bringing his stuff to him. Although... as you thought about it, Charlie hadn't brought a sack like that with him... And why would it matter if he woke up...? You looked up at the closed window. What were the twins really doing up there?"



~*~

"Love the hair Charlie!" one twin cackled.

Charlie pulled the strands into his line of sight and a vein throbbed in his temple. Nobody messed with Charlie Weasley's hair and got away with it. Not fire-breathing dragons and certainly not two younger brothers. He gritted his teeth and turned to the pair, ready to explode. Sensing the imminent danger, you piped in, "It looks good."

He turned to you and sighed. "This is why I tend to avoid my family." He shot the twins another glare before pulling out his wand.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," the other twin snickered.

"Oh? Watch me," Charlie growled, touching the wand tip to his green hair.

With a large cloud of green smoke, Charlie's hair turned bright blue and grew another foot in length. Your mouth fell open as the twins burst into laughter. You were so out of there.



~*~

Confrontations were not your thing. Thus, even when you saw one of the twins heading out, broomstick in one hand, sack in the other, you didn't call out and confront him about what had happened. Charlie, however, had no such qualms. He opened the window and yelled at the twin. "You'd better not come back any time soon George! When I catch you, you're as dead as Fred!" He looked down at the top of your head. "Same with you (Name). I can't believe you'd be so childish!" You cringed as he slammed the window shut.

Now what were you going to do? Charlie had promised to take you sightseeing, but since he was mad at you, there was no way he would want to take you anywhere.

"(Name)!" the twin Charlie had been yelling at called. You looked up in surprise. "Want to come with?"

You nodded frantically; anything to get away from a miffed Charlie. When you caught up to him, he turned and led you towards an orchard in the distance.

"George, right?" you asked tentatively. You were horrible with names and faces to begin with, so twins were always a nightmare.

He grinned at you. "Correct."

You offered a small smile in return. "Where are we going?"

George tossed a bag to you. "To practice Quidditch."

"Where's your brother?"

"From the sounds of it, Charlie got him," George mused thoughtfully.

"Shouldn't you go help him?"

He laughed. "And miss the chance to have the broom all to myself? Naw. He can handle big, bad Charlie by himself."

You nodded absently as you slung the bag over one shoulder and continued to try and match pace with George. He was taller than you by a good six inches, so naturally his stride was longer.

"So you work with dragons?"

"Yes. The hatchlings."

"It's hard to believe. You don't have any scars."

It was your turn to laugh. "Only careless people like Charlie receive scars. If a person pays attention all the time, there's nothing to worry about."

"Huh."

George set down the other bag he was carrying once the two of you had reached the middle of the orchard. He continued to hold the broom as he motioned for you to set down the bag he'd given you. "You fly at all?"

You shook your head. "I've only ever flown on dragons."

"Want me to teach you?" he asked, proffering the broom handle.

"I thought you needed to practice?"

George shrugged. "Suit yourself." Quickly and efficiently (with no long, complicated sentences you might have difficulty understanding), George explained what exactly he wanted you to do with the sack of balls on the