sit down and listen. ‘Ceus, you’re freaking out for nothing.”

Lillie held out a hand for her phone back, but Selene didn’t offer it. They looked at each other for a long moment, Selene blinking drunkenly, Lillie glaring, her heart in her throat.

“Two minutes. And then I’m taking you to a doctor.”

“Anyone ever tell you you’re cute when you’re- urp.” Selene’s words cut off in a gulp. She covered her mouth, eyes wide. Lillie skittered away, but thankfully, Selene shook her head and relaxed.

“False alarm.” Her thumbs-up was the least convincing Lillie had ever seen.

“One minute,” Lillie grumbled. “This isn’t a game, Selene.”

“I know. It’s science.” Selene reached out and rubbed the Clefairy. “Thanks to Clementine here, and my other friends-” She waved at the Pokemon around her.

Lillie gave them her full attention for the first time.

Cinder, Selene’s Salazzle was curled up, tail flicking idly as she watched the conversation. To her left was a slimy, tentacled Pokemon that Lillie didn’t recall the name of. Some kind of aquatic predator with- judging by the thick spines covering its blue flesh, poisonous barbs. Under the table, a vividly colored Ariados was working thread between its chelicerae, weaving long ropes that it looped over its back spines for later use.

There were others, some of Selene’s regular team, but those three and the Clefairy were the closest at the moment.

Lillie squinted. Selene wouldn’t possibly…

“Are you poisoned?!”

Selene touched thumb and index together. “Bingo.”

Lillie lunged for her phone. She toppled into Selene and they both knocked into the kitchen table, scattering Pokemon left and right. She’d been expecting Selene to struggle, but the other girl let her have the phone, and after a moment to right herself from where she’d pressed Selene down, Lillie retreated.

She started dialing again. Not a doctor this time, but the nearest hospital. It would be in Malie City, and that wasn’t close enough. The flight wouldn’t be nearly quick enough. They’d have to ride together, so she could make sure Selene didn’t fall off. And-

“How did this happen?”

Selene jerked a thumb over her shoulder at the rows of science equipment. “I’m trying to build up an immunity so I can train Poison types better.”

Lillie stopped dialing to stare at her.

“Don’t give me that look,” Selene said. “It’s perfectly safe. I take a sample from one of the Pokemon, dilute it with Antidote and a couple other chemicals, and then inject it. I give myself an hour to start feeling it, and then I have Clemmy use Aromatherapy to cure it. Rinse and repeat. I did Ariados last night. That’s why he’s just sitting around.”

Lillie stared some more. The inner workings of her mind ground to a halt. She understood. She didn’t understand.

“You’re… trying to build up… an immunity,” she said slowly.

“Yup. I’ve got Poison Affinity from my Dad’s side, apparently, and I always wanted to specialize in them. Just never got the chance, you know?”

Selene grinned. One eyelid was more open than the other, and she was swaying on her feet.

“And you thought it would be a good idea to do this alone, in the middle of nowhere, with no medical staff on hand, without telling anyone?”

“Well… when you say it like,” Selene said, her grin thinning slightly. “Sounds kinda crazy.”

The last piece of the puzzle fell into place.

“Selene, when was the last time you took your medication?”

“This morning.”

“You mean when you got up?”

“Nope. That’s when I normally take it. But I haven’t slept in a couple days, so I just decided to take it at 9am every morning.”

Lillie frowned. That didn’t make sense. Selene wasn’t behaving rationally. She was normally energetic and creative, and prone to stupid ideas, but… this was downright bizarre and self-destructive. It wasn’t like her at all. This was how she behaved when she missed a dose.

She glanced around the kitchen, taking in the mess of equipment. Where had Selene even gotten this stuff? Team Skull hadn’t been cooking meth or something, had they? Her eyes flicked across Clementine, now dabbling her paws in the sink.


Clemmy uses Aromatherapy to cure it.


“Selene, does Aromatherapy discriminate between chemicals?”

Her girlfriend cocked her head, looking confused.

“How is it supposed to know the difference between the chemicals in poison that hurt you, and the ones in your medication that keep you stable?”

She could tell the moment when it sank it.

Selene blinked slowly. And then her smile faded.