a double handful of ash and nearly dead embers from the silent fireplace burned to its last, and set it down atop the girl's bedding. The sparks leapt and fell with only a bit of encouragement from his breath. In no time at all a crackling flame danced wickedly about the surface and spread toward whatsoever it could find.

Satisfied that the room would soon be in cinders, he checked to be sure the boy was still alive. Tiny lungs drew in breath and expelled it, even as the eyes were shut tight. He ripped a long strip from the girl's skirt and wrapped the last Potter heir in it rather than keep the old banner, then placed the tiny boy into a fold sewn into his cloak near the back. It was already filled with small ointments to slow blood loss and sooth pain, but as he had no need of such yet, he dumped them out upon the table to make room. The boy fit just-so inside.

"This will be a hard life, child. I hope for both our sakes that I can lie as well as I think I can." The smoke filling the space began to make it hard to breath as it doubled back upon itself, and so he wrenched open the door again, paused to throw his now-useless ointments upon the blaze, and stepped out into a new future, for House Black as well as House Potter.


End of Prologue.


A/N:  This is meant to be a Fusion rather than a straight Crossover. As such please do not expect to see Eddard Stark or any of the other much beloved GoT characters make an appearance, merely their land of Westeros and similar settings/situations as viewed through HP characters.

Disclaimer:

A Game of Thrones and related Game of Thrones characters, settings, terms, objects, and et all belong to and are the property of George R R Martin and/or his publishers. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This story is licensed under the Creative Commons as derivative, noncommercial fiction.

Harry Potter and related Harry Potter characters, settings, terms, objects, and et all belong to and are the property of JK Rowling and/or her publishers. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.

-+-(To rule from an Iron Throne)-+-

-+-Chapter One-+-

The son of a Ser.


Harry


"Come, lad, at it again!" Harry Rivers scrambled off his wet arse before his Lord Father had even finished the taunt, hastening across the slippery slope to reclaim his hunting dagger from the shallowest stretch of riverbed. It was a small thing by the measure of full-grown men, but for a youth of just eight, it fit his palms and then some so that he had to grip it as if it were a bastard sword. Which was fitting, for he himself was a bastard.

But no such blade could claim to be even half as fine as his dagger, with its rich wine red-entwining-green leather wrapped hilt and polished, now gleaming silvered-red blade free of blemishes, untarnished despite the months of training, and a firm edge along each side perfect for peeling back fur and hide that narrowed to a wicked point well suited to stabbing. The Old Magic had tempered it long ago, according to his Lord Father, which was the only reason why he allowed the grip to hold onto the traitorous colors of House Potter alongside the velvet black-green of House Gaunt. That lustrous leather lay damp and cool from the latest bath in the stream. Harry squeezed tight, and fat droplets of water oozed out from between his fingertips to splash around his sopping wet boots.

Satisfied it wouldn't turn in his hands, Harry launched himself around the river stones of his name with a cry of determination.

Ser Sirius Black, aged eight-and-twenty, eyed the boy charging him with splashing footfalls and nimbly stepped back without a glance to the treacherous rocks passing beneath his own boot soles, smoothing down the front of his ragged shirt and yawning widely in dismissal. The long black and blunted training blade clutched in his off-hand dipped and rose with the motion.

Harry's own muddled green eyes dilated, widening at first by the casual disregard, narrowing the next beat with renewed vigor. Even so as he hopped quickly amidst the deepening pool and pull of the stream he had to turn his gaze upon each step in his way to be sure he didn't slip or turn an ankle in the numerous faults lurking beneath the surface. It had taken him two weeks to recover from the swelling the last time, to no end of mockery in the interim by his Uncle Regulus.

"I haven't all day, you know."

Harry finally reached his Lord Father and swung widely upward, aiming for the shins or, better yet, the thighs. He couldn't yet reach the belly and he knew better than to aim for the manhood. It wasn't his place to