after a while and I raised my head, meeting his eyes before he went on. "You don't know how much I tried to hate you." Again I cringed, knowing full well I deserved his hatred, his contempt.

"I tried, but I can't do it," he continued, surprising me. "You hurt me, Edward. I know we weren't always perfect, but seeing you kiss that guy-" He turned his head and stared at a couple of kids playing near the tree line. He took a few deep, stuttering breaths and fisted his hands. Slightly shaking his head, as if ridding it of the memory of that night, he turned back to me.

"You really hurt me, but it hurts even more to not be with you," he whispered, reaching out his hand and cupping my face. I leaned into his touch, closing my eyes as I felt his warmth radiate through me. He'd always been my home and he still was.

"I just want to know why, Ed. I try to forget and God knows I want to forgive, but I need to know why you did it." His pained words grounded me. We couldn't just go on where we left off. As much as I wanted to, we couldn't. We needed to talk about this and we did.

I told him every single detail about that night. I'd been drunk, but in my guilt I couldn't forget it. I remembered how Garrett smelled, what he said, what I said in return. I remembered the feeling of his rough lips pressed against mine. I remembered how I was shocked and how my whole body recoiled against the unwanted kiss. And I remembered Jasper, the pain and fury in his eyes as he pulled me off the guy. I remembered everything and Jasper listened, never interrupting, but I could see in his eyes that he didn't really believe me.

"I can't help but wonder what would've happened if I hadn't come looking for you," he said after I finished. His eyes were fixed on the ground, like the growth of the grass beneath our feet was the most interesting thing in the world. I wanted him to look at me.Needed him to look at me.

"Jazz, please believe me when I say that nothing would've happened. I would've pushed him away and gone home to you," I pressed, but he didn't look up. Not right away.

He ran his hand through his hair, his eyes closed, and he sighed deeply before he said, "Okay."

My breath hitched, holding it in, waiting for whatever came next.

He took another deep breath and raised his head. "Okay," he said again, but with more conviction now. Then he leaned in toward me and kissed me chastely on my lips. And at that particular moment, I was the happiest man alive.

We tried taking it slow at first, but we spent every single moment together from then on and Jasper asked me to move in with him after a month. I thought he just wanted to be with me as much as I wanted to be with him, but I soon realized that he didn't trust me.

We used to go out on our own; spending a night in a pub with a friend was never a problem. Now, Jasper didn't leave my side. He went everywhere with me and even started driving me to the hospital. I didn't like it, not one bit, but I thought I deserved it. If this helped him, I could live with it and I thought it would change. I really thought that once I showed him that he could trust me, he'd stop.

But he always found a reason to think I wasn't faithful. A single hair on my shirt, a weird smell, even smiling at someone, always ended in a huge fight. Each and every time he steered back to that one night and every time I tried to reassure him that I wouldn't have done anything. He never ever believed me and in the end, I had enough.

He had a flat tire and called me to let me know he couldn't pick me up after work, so I accepted a ride from Dr. Newton, a new young general surgeon at the hospital. I was running a little late because his shift ended half an hour later than mine, and when I got home Jasper was livid.

I wasn't even halfway through the door when he grabbed me and shoved me up against the wall. "I knew it!" he screamed. "Who is he, Edward? Tell me who the fuck he is or I swear to God!"

I stared at him for a minute before my gaze dropped to his hands fisting my jacket. I took both his hands in mine and tried to get him to let go, but he only held me tighter. I raised my head and looked him straight in his eyes as a