-month relationship had finally hit the rocks, but I was pissed off that I had to catch him cheating in my house. My house, for fuck's sake. I come home from the worst night at the hospital ever, and I find him sprawled over the kitchen table, some stupid twink pounding him like a lunatic. Bareback!

That's not even what pissed me off the most. The fucking idiot! I knew it was a bad idea to have sex with him without a condom the first time he brought it up. I was so fucking happy I had refused him on that.

Trying to force all thoughts of Riley to the back of my mind, I pulled a black long sleeved T-shirt over my head and smiled. This was actually the same shirt I'd worn the year before. At the same place I was going to be tonight, Extase. This year, however, would be totally different. It would be James, me, Victoria, Seth and his wife Leah. We would have a few drinks, a nice dinner and a lot of fun. The bar would be closed for the evening, though no one ever came in on Christmas Eve anyway.

I wasn't entirely happy with our friends turning up for our holiday-free evening, but James assured me it wasn't a Christmas dinner. We'd have fun if we felt like it, no strings attached. I thought it was a crock of shit, and thought about just staying home, but for some reason he really wanted me to be there.

I couldn't help myself from wandering back to last year and Jasper. Fuck! I thought he was attractive back then, but over the last couple of months, I think I actually fell for him. The first time I had seen him after that night was at James and Victoria's wedding.


He'd been tanned all over, and looked like a California surfer boy. I had just started getting serious with Riley, and didn't think it appropriate to go and talk to him.



He'd come to find me when I was at the bar though, and we had a really good conversation about the value of marriage. For some reason, we really clicked, even though we had such different views on life in general. When I asked why he hadn't been back to Extase, he told me he had gone to Australia for a year, and only came back for the wedding.



That's when Riley came back from the buffet and threw his arm around my waist, introducing himself. I could see Jasper's face fall, and it really bothered me. Though at the time I didn't realise why.



The second time was at Extase. I was on the dance floor, dancing with my friend Bella, when a pair of hands grabbed my hips. This wouldn't be the first time that someone got up close and personal, but it was the first time the hands belonged to a guy. Well, apart from Riley's hands, but these were definitely not his.



When I turned around, a pair of smirking blue eyes looked back at me and he winked. "Did ya miss me?" he asked, trailing his gaze down my body and back up again. I was kind of shocked to see him, as he was supposed to be on the other side of the world, but he burst out into a fit of laughter at the sight of my gawking face, and I couldn't help but join him.



We spent the night talking at the bar, while James threw me questioning glances every now and then. I ignored it. Yes, I was still with Riley -telling Jasper that had made his face fall again- but this guy had a pull on me that I couldn't deny. It was after that night that I realised that I really liked him, and wasn't just attracted to him.



The third and last time I saw him was on my birthday. He just showed up at the surprise party James threw me. I don't know why my best friend even bothered, because I never cared for celebrating my birthday. I was sure he just wanted to throw a party, and used this as a reason to do so.



Riley was once again drunk to a point where it was embarrassing, when the door opened and Jasper hesitantly walked in. It was like the hairs on the back of my neck rose in anxious anticipation, though I was fairly sure it was just the cold draft from outside.



He came right up to me and handed me a present. No one at the party had given me a present, seeing they all knew how much I hated forced tokens of appreciation, so for a moment I just glared at him.


"I know you don't like birthday presents, but this isn't really one. I got you this a couple of months back, the birthday is just a ruse. I didn't think it appropriate for a guy to give a practical stranger a random gift," he said