I turned to Edward.

"You," I said a little harshly, "back seat, now!"

He stared at me wide-eyed, but didn't move. Rosalie let out a chuckle and leaned in between our seats. Her eyes darted between me and Edward with a touch of amusement.

"I'm serious!" I exclaimed. "I would really like to get to my place with the car and all of us inside still intact. You are making this extremely difficult!"

He was still looking confused when he unbuckled his seat belt, but heck if I cared. Jesus, the almost touches and piercing stares were way too distracting! Did he want me to kill us all?

He opened the car and got out with one of those long legs, before he turned back to me and cupped my face with his hand. His lips crashed to mine with force, making me gasp. There was a promise in that kiss, but I wasn't entirely sure what he was promising me. It left me dumbstruck, while he got into the back of the car.

With my hands back on the steering wheel, I breathed in deep and slowly breathed out again. I could do this. I could drive back to my apartment without crashing my car. I could do this without passing out from stress. And I could hopefully do it with the hard-on I was now sporting.

I adjusted the rear view mirror so it would not catch Edward's reflection, and set off back towards the expressway. Breathe, Jasper. All you have to do is breathe.


.


Entering my apartment, I felt a little ashamed. Their house was so warm and homey, while my place was cold and empty. It was modern and expansive and tasteful, but not a home. I used an interior decorator when I moved in and she picked everything; from the heavy white curtains, to the grey wooden floor and the black leather couch. I would change it sometime soon. Maybe paint a wall, put up some pictures. Yeah, I needed a home more like Rosalie and Edward's.

"All right, I'll show you around," I said as I picked up Rosalie's heavy suitcases and moved toward the spare bedroom. "Kitchen to the right, bathroom to the left, my bedroom is the left door straight ahead and this," I said while opening the door to the large spare, "is the guest bedroom."

"That isn't much of a tour," Edward replied. "I haven't seen anything."

I put down the suitcases and rolled my eyes at Edward.

"It's a 1200 square feet apartment. There isn't much to see, Edward," I said amused.

"Oh, I'm sure there is," he retorted and walked back into the hallway. Rosalie gave me a shove to follow him and turned to opening her suitcase.

He opened the doors one by one, looking around as if he was contemplating buying the place. When he opened the door to my bedroom, I was shuffling my feet. He peeked his head around the door and then turned it towards me.

"So, this is where- How do you Yanks say this? The magic happens?" he asked me with a grin on his face. Fucker!

"Uh, I eh-" I started, while feeling my cheeks redden. I cleared my throat. Manly, Jasper! Get your shit together! I straightened my back a little.

"Yeah, my personal palace of pleasure," I answered. I tried to sound all confident, but wasn't sure if it was working.

"Palace of pleasure, eh? I'll have to get myself an invitation sometimes," he smirked. Fucker!

"So," I said a little louder so Rosalie would hear me, "will you two newlyweds be okay sharing the spare?"

"What newlyweds?" her voice called into the hallway, quickly followed by the woman herself. "Edward here stood me up. And fucking dramatic at that! I was already in my wedding dress when he burst through the doors screaming he wasn't going to marry me." She sounded angry, but the huge smile on her face was telling a different story.

"He was going on and on about how he couldn't go through with it, because he was in love with this guy. A guy, can you imagine that?" She winked at me and went on. "It's the tragedy of the century if you ask me. Perfect bride, being left at the altar by homosexual fiancé."

"Oh, shut it, Rosalie," Edward said. "There's nothing tragic about it and you know it."

"But daaaarling, how could you?" she replied in mock hurt. "Jasper, you should've seen his stepmother's face. She was all; 'Oh my God, my son is gay!' She even cried!" I couldn't help but laugh at the way Rosalie impersonated her ex-mother-in-law-to-be.

"Bloody drama queen