had been so wrong.

Nothing in his mind fitted together anymore. The memories with jagged edges were slowly making a sharp crack in his new life, threatening to flood over and ruin everything. He had tried so hard to make Daphne’s dream marriage come true, but he did not know if he could do so any longer. Sleep sneaked up on him swiftly and he greeted it eagerly, wishing to just forget for a couple of hours. When he awoke again, he knew what he had to do.

Cooking had never been his forte, but he was a quick learner and the recipe was not that difficult. His hands appeared to remember it well enough, familiar with the motions he could not recall consciously. Extra cinnamon, he knew just how to make it. When Daphne arrived, the lovely scent had filled the house and was escaping out of the kitchen window. It smelled delicious, he thought with a smile on his face. It was perfect.

When Daphne returned, he was just cleaning up the flour off the counter.

“Emmanuel?” The name felt like a sharp blow, deflating his eagerness at once. “What are you cooking?”

Daphne entered the kitchen, her face scrunched up oddly. She seemed out of place, he thought, his mind reeling. This was not how it was supposed to be. It wasn’t right.

“Apple pie,” he announced with a smile sneaking onto his lips. “It’s your favourite.”

Daphne covered her mouth with her hand, eyes narrowing. He felt his heart drop heavy as lead.

“I hate apple pie. I hate anything with cinnamon in it.”

He took a step back, feeling so separated from her reality; it was like watching the actions unfold automatically on a film.

“No. You must.” He felt his throat constrict, suddenly dry. “I know the person I love likes apple pie. I love you, don’t I?”

The words felt so foreign on his tongue; toxic and twisting his insides uncomfortably. The deafening silence in the wake of Daphne’s lack of response was like a hurricane just waiting to strike. He felt so small, ready to crumble under the force of it. He looked to her for any support, but the kind, selfless woman who helped him out of the lake was gone, closed off behind a cold wall. He could see the thoughts swirling behind her eyes – the loss, the disappointment. He reached out for her uncertainly, but she was already running up the stairs, too distraught to face him.

He stood there in silence for what seemed like a small eternity, letting the lonely silence gently rip him apart.

 



❖

 After he finally regained some control of himself, wiping half-dried tears from his face, he’d slouched in the couch, comforted by the darkness of the living room and the scent of cinnamon and freshly baked pie. It felt a little like home.

When Daphne left for work the next morning, it came as a wave of relief to him. He did not know how to face her. She was not who he had thought she was. So many mistakes had been made, layered one on top of the other… there was no way of fixing it all so easily. He slipped the wedding band off his finger, placing it on the mantelpiece. It was meaningless. They never consummated the marriage and now, he was surer than ever that he did not want to. He had felt obliged to try, for Daphne… but it just brought pain to them both.

He could still hear Daphne walking down the steps outside, talking to someone. A man. There was an inexplicable surge of hope in him, like a great fire had been lit in the darkness of his soul. He rushed to the door, opening it just as the stranger was about to knock.

“Cas?”

The green-eyed man stared at him with wide eyes. As if he’d seen a ghost.

The stranger was taller than him, dressed in loose jeans and a black jacket. His skin was healthily tan, as on someone who spent a lot of time outside. He had a bit of stubble, short hair… and was now on the verge of tears, blinking them back quickly when his lips stretched, showing the most breathtaking smile he had ever seen. All words of denial escaped him at once and he could feel himself smiling back too.

“Cas.” The man hugged him with so much force he was almost knocked back. He threw both arms around him, squeezing tightly. “Oh, fuck, Cas, I knew you couldn’t be dead,” the man choked out the broken words into his shoulders, shuddering with deep breaths of relief.

He didn’t know what to do, under such an intense… attack. His whole body hummed with pleasure in the embrace, fitting right up against the stranger like it belonged there. This man knew him.

He felt heat rise low in his belly, uncoiling something long forgotten. He trembled, closing his eyes as the overwhelming emotions washed over his body.