another day.

 

The plan for the trip consisted of the teachers taking the entire class of about 20 kids camping in the nearby woods, some minor survival training and team exercises. It was nothing too complicated and there was virtually no danger to them in the forest, but to the aspiring little ninjas this was incredibly exciting.

‘I wonder if I brought enough snacks,’ Chouji wondered aloud, while they stood around in front of the school.

‘I’ve got tons of ramen, I’ll share with you!’ Naruto grinned at his friend.

‘I just hope it doesn’t rain, I want to get some sleep…’ Shikamaru yawned. Someone bumped into him, but he was too tired to bother turning around to see who it was. Whatever.

‘Is everyone ready?’ Iruka-sensei called out, gathering everyone’s attention. ‘We’re leaving in five minutes so make sure you haven’t left anything behind!’

‘What a drag..’

‘Ehh? Where’s my bag?’ Naruto blinked confusedly. He was sure it had been sitting right behind him!

‘Did you forget it at home?’ Chouji munched on a chip.

‘He had it with him when he arrived… obviously someone took it,’ Shikamaru cringed. Naruto was already running off.

‘I’m gonna go look for it! Don’t leave without me, dattebayo!’ the blonde dashed back to the Academy.

He noticed it on the teacher’s desk in their usual classroom.

‘Huh? It’s just sitting there?’ He ran up to grab it (not before making sure all the ramen was still there). He’d only just picked it up when the door to the room slammed shut and locked with an audible click.

‘What? Hey, I’m still in here!’ Let me out!’ Naruto cried, running up the door just in time to ear an ominous giggling fading into the distance.

 

Ami and her gang must have finally got bored of picking on Sakura… Naruto clenched his fists. She’d left him alone this long, so why now! He threw the bag back down on the floor in frustration. It was no use, Ami was mean just because she loved being mean, there was never anything else to it. She’d always been a bully, even before they started school.

 

‘I bet they’ve finished roll call now,’ he ran to the window, looking down at the courtyard. There was no one left there. He was going to miss the trip! Even more importantly, he was trapped in the classroom.

The door was definitely locked tight and wouldn't even budge when he pushed it. Even when he eventually managed to climb up on the window sill, he couldn’t reach the handle to open the window. What felt like hours passed, while Naruto stared hopelessly out of the window. No one was even coming by to help, he was going to stay in this empty room forever. He didn’t even notice when he’d started crying until he suddenly couldn’t calm down at all.

‘Help! Someone!’ he involuntarily hiccuped. His nose was running now too. ‘Help!’

The door flew off it’s hinges, startling him into silence.

‘Thought I heard some crying brat making a racket.’ Hidan waltzed in, arms crossed and a displeased scowl on his face. ‘Thought I’d stop by to have a word with the teach about the nonsense they tea- ugh whatever. Why are you in here?’

‘I wasn’t crying,’ Naruto said quickly and wiped the tears and snot from his face with the end of his sleeve. Hidan’s eye twitched.

‘Uh-huh.’

‘I just..forgot my bag in here..dattebayo’ Naruto trailed off, unsure how to explain everything. ‘Ami was just being mean as always..’

‘I think I see where this is going.’ Hidan could just sacrifice the little bitch to Jashin - problem solved - but this did seem a little heavy-handed, all things considered. He was supposed to be on a secret mission or whatever. Pein came up with some shitty plans.

‘You should prank the hell out of her later,’ he shrugged.

Naruto grinned, even though his face was still puffy from crying. But the happy expression vanished just as quickly as it appeared.

‘I’ve missed the trip.. They went on without me,’ he confessed to Hidan, looking at his feet.

‘What are you talking about?’ Shikamaru’s voice rang out and the boy peeked into the room. ‘Sensei’s downstairs, looking for you while everyone waits inside. It started raining.’ The young Nara then turned around. ‘I found him!’ he yelled down the hall and someone shouted an acknowledgement back. Seconds later Chouji appeared in the doorway too.

‘Are you okay Naruto?’ he asked with concern.

Naruto wiped the last of the dampness of his face and nodded vigorously.

‘Let’s hurry up and go, dattebayo!’ he exclaimed.

Just as he was about