knew of Grima’s actions, his control, he would not hesitate to kill the man, driven by anger and pride.
    And for that reason, she lied.
    “No, I have not been in contact with him without the presence of guards.” Eowyn told her brother smoothly, and she was surprised at the fluidity of her lie. Prompted by fear, anger, and hatred, Eowyn had began a change of her own.
    “Thank the gods.” Eomer spat, shaking his head. “He watches you with disgusting longing, and had you not been my sister, I would be worried that he would pursue you further.”
    Eowyn felt her heart drop, possessed by some dark feeling of failure. She was a shieldmaiden, a breed of the strongest women in the land. She was trained by the sword, invigorated by the skill of the Riddermark, and yet she could not keep a worm from kissing her when he pleased.
    Perhaps she was undeserving of her title.
    Or, she thought instantaneously, without a second pondering on the matter, she could make him truly pay for his insolent actions next time he pursued her.
    “And Theodred, my poor cousin.” Eomer said, suddenly overwhelmed with an onslaught of emotions, tears rising to his eyes. He had loved Theodred like a brother, and found him just as close as Eowyn.
    Eowyn bit her tongue; she wanted to tell Eomer of her suspicion, of her ideas. She was convinced Grima had a hand in the death of their beloved cousin, and she knew that if she investigated the matter more, she could easily find an answer to her question.
    She also knew that if she told Eomer of her suspicion, he would kill Grima in a heartbeat, letting his blood stain the floors of the Meduseld. Eowyn’s heart jumped at the prospect, the idea of the snake forever banished from the lands, of glory being restored to Rohan.
    But just as the dark thoughts had entered her head, she banished them, appalled at their sudden creation. Eowyn was no murderer, and she was not one to play her kin or court like puppets to accomplish her goals.
    There was still some part in her that ached with bloodlust.
    "Eowyn?” Eomer asked, noticing the distance look on his sister’s face. His brow furrowed, taken away from his lamenting of Theodred’s death. “You look unwell. Are you sick?”
    "No, no- I am fine.” Eowyn assured him. She would push the thoughts away for now, storing them in a corner of her mind for later use. “Now, tell me of your travels.”
    “Oh, Eowyn. It is miserable. So many settlements have fallen to the orc-kind.” Eomer told her, his expression pained. “They are looted, burned, raped. We still know little of these orcs, or their motivation. We track them through the lands, but we are never fast enough, for they are like animals- unpredictable, savage, and without mercy.”
    “And to come back to the jewel of Rohan and see it being destroyed by Wormtongue.” He scoffed.
    "Do we wait? Do we sit here, waiting for Edoras to burn, whether it be by these orcs or by the savages internally?” Eowyn asked, turning hostile in a moment, The news of Eomer’s journeys had only soured her mood and destroyed her hope even further.
    “I do not know.” He answered, his voice defeated and tired. “But we will not give Theodred his proper funeral until our capital is restored and our king in his right mind.”
    “I fear that it is all hopeless.” Eowyn whispered, dropping onto her brother’s bed, fisting the fur pelts in her hands.

----------------

    Eowyn found herself drifting off into sleep that evening, motivated by the pure exhaustion in her bones and the comforting presence of her brother in the household. It had allowed her to melt among the furs, greeting sleep with open arms.
    Dinner that evening had not been too miserable, for Eomer had dined with them. They were not near each other in the hall, though Eowyn had attempted to sit among her kin. She was ushered away from him for various excuses, spoken by the mouths of those loyal to Grima and his evil cause. Technically, Eowyn and Eomer were supposed to have reunited for the first time that night at supper, per the controlling hand of the king’s counsellor.
    The safety of her brother calmed her at dinner, and allowed her to finally dine like a lady of Rohan should; she wasn’t sure the last time she had ate a full meal in the hall. But Eomer had given her hope, though she did not know why.
    With a fully belly and a somewhat lightened spirit, Eowyn had began her slumber. It was shortly interrupted by the quiet cries of her handmaiden.
    Little hands had grasped her shoulder, shaking her fiercely. Eowyn had woken with a start, reaching for the dagger under her pillow. She had already aimed for the neck, ready to attack and injure, as she planned for the worse.
    “