well, he thought, but the Rebellion had a way of always exceeding his worst expectations.

The base they were stationed turned out to be even more disappointing than previously thought, which was just wonderful for him. He had made sure to bring along a hefty supply of alcohol, not only to stomach the dreadful planet, but to help him pretend that he was alone for his stay.

He wasn’t afraid of his feelings, he told himself. Feelings were a foolish thing to be afraid of; they were easily pushed away and manipulated to one’s desires. Death, torture, those were real fears, but the best spies could mask and eradicate those fears. Feelings? Emotions? Those were a simple fix, one of the first things an assasin learns to master.

Or so he thought.

He instead found himself at the bottom of a bottle each night trying to 'master' these feelings. They’d proven to be much more stubborn than he previously thought. It wasn’t his fault that he felt himself drawn to her, like a moth to a flame. It had slowly grown, from a slight interest to an undeniable need. He'd feel it with a burn in his chest, akin to the alcohol going down his throat. It had turned into a frustrated, angry pain, since the solution was so easily found. She was here, only a room away from him. He'd been there on Scarif, and he'd seen her eyes, felt the same emotions as she did.

But god, he was stupidly scared and hellbent on denying it.

He was fine denying it, Cassian assured himself, and he planned on keeping it up.

It was a situation good for neither of them. It would make their whole future more difficult, he reasoned. Besides, it was likely just a phase; going through such a traumatic experience with another human being would create a connection, regardless of the people. Anyone would feel a bond with a spy they'd put so much trust in.

But it had evolved into something more, and he knew it. He knew it was more than that when he started noticing the little things.

Like when she would rummage through the storage closet of their little base on the far side of Hoth, strands of her dark hair falling around her face in a messy halo. It wasn’t pretty or stylish in the furthest extent, but it was enough to take his breath away. And then she had noticed him, and seemed to find what she was looking for straight-away, rushing out of the room. He was left alone, the tiny flickering lightbulb above his head beginning to die out.

Or the time on Coruscant, when they'd been on a mission to track down an Imperial assasin hiding in the slums of the urban cityscape. They'd all been out as a team then, the Rogue One team. When they'd finally tracked the assasin, he'd put up a hell of a fight- everyone sustained minor injuries, but Jyn had been cut clean through her arm, down to the bone. It was the noise she made, a strangled yell, her hand slapping up to the gushing wound, that made Cassian move. Later, he reported to Mon Mothma directly and claimed his kill of the assasin to be an accident, since the orders had called for his return alive. But deep down, Cassian knew it wasn't an accident in the least, and it worried him that he didn't regret going against orders for her.

It was then that he knew he couldn’t stop it.

Jyn normally ate her meals alone in her quarters, reading from her datapad and tugging on her clothes for the day. It had became a routine, only adding to the monotonous feel of the Hoth mission. She felt like she was hiding from him, staying in her tiny room only to come out for her duties, but she found the shameful feeling to be much better than confronting him.

Today, though, she sits at the one table in the main living space of the tiny base. It is one of the few areas in the base with constant heat, and it is much more spacious than her constricting room. It’s rather sparse and lacking much of anything, but she desperately needs a change in her everyday Hoth routine or she may go mad.

Cassian is raking a hand over his face, acknowledging the fact that he should probably shave, when he comes into the main room.

They make unsteady eye contact. It isn’t the first time since Scarif, of course, but it is just as uncomfortable as every other time between then and now. There’s unspoken emotions between them that leaves an awkward air hanging in the space. It's no longer as warm and cozy as Jyn had thought.

She gets up, pushing her chair back suddenly with a loud noise; her oatmeal is practically untouched, and Cassian knows for a fact that the Jyn he knows would never pass up a meal. Too many days gone without food in her childhood had left her