were just an unsuspecting host for the parasite to latch onto. But with the word Imperial came the notion of blasters at the ready, weapons aplenty.     It didn’t sit well in Jyn’s stomach, but she’d ignored it. But there was the mechanic, some older fellow with salt and pepper hair. He’d reached for his comm once he found that Bodhi and Jyn’s ride was in fact not a routine maintenance check; and Jyn reacted without thinking.     She’d done something so quick, performed her training from the base at Yavin so fast. She would have made her trainer proud. Jyn shot the man before he could utter a word, right in between his eyes.     He fell easily, died just as fast. There was no pain, no thoughts, just one minute there and on minute not. Jyn wondered in that moment if he’d had a family, perhaps a lover on some planet. If his parents were still alive, if they were proud of their son for gaining such a coveted position on an Imperial ship.     Everyone was the hero in their own story, even some Imperial mechanic.     They’d found the fugitive easily, for it was all routine in Jyn’s head, something she performed on autopilot. She didn’t speak a word, not even after they’d made it back to Yavin. She brushed Bodhi off, even though he was nothing but a concerned friend.    It could’ve been Bodhi.    In some other world, she could’ve shot some unsuspecting Imperial pilot, another form of Bodhi still in the Imperial force.  It was alarming to her, the fact that each human had thoughts, dreams, loves; even the Imperial men, they were human. The Rebellion had quickly fallen into the trap of painting their enemies as animals, as something less than human, and Jyn had oh so quickly absorbed the feeling into her thinking.    The man she shot could’ve been innocent, condemned only by the ideology he held. Perhaps it had been passed through his family, embraced by his homeworld. Perhaps he was as apathetic as Jyn, easily swayed towards the nearest cause that seemed ‘right’.     Perhaps he was innocent, and she’d murdered him in cold blood for doing his duty, something ingrained in his brain.    Jyn went to Bodhi that night, without a word. She curled up in bed beside him, the bony edges and long limbs, guilt thick on her heart. It was an unspoken thing between her and Bodhi- nothing romantic, nothing like her and Cassian. They both just longed for warmth, companionship and friendship, something they had both been torn from in their youth. They were so touch starved, emotionally restrained, her more than him.    “It could’ve been you.” She muttered, and she felt that if she were normal, she would be sobbing then, fisting her hands in the thin, military-grade pajamas he wore. But Jyn Erso was anything but a normally-functioning human, and she made her words built of stone.    “The man? The Imperial mechanic?” Bodhi asked, his brow furrowed. He never quite put together her thoughts, read her hidden emotions like Cassian could. But sometimes, Jyn didn’t need the vulnerability of her inner workings that she was forced to endure with Cassian. Sometimes, Jyn needed something simple. She nodded. “I killed him.”    “He was going to call for backup. There’s a good chance they would have killed us both.” Bodhi told her, reassuring. He was a caretaker, soft in his young age.  Jyn calmed a bit at her words. Without her actions, then Bodhi would have truly been dead at her hands.    “Nothing’s black and white, and I know you struggle with that.” Bodhi admitted, talking lightly, as if pondering the whole situation out loud, not truly to her. “You’ve an awfully blunt person.”    Jyn cracked a smile at that.     “You do what you have to in order to save things you care about.” Bodhi said finally, drumming his fingers on the side of her head, softly reminding her that he was still there. Jyn longed to say more, to question the validity of his statement, to inquire as to when that line is drawn or the statement irrelevant.     But she didn’t, because some things in life were meant to be left simple.  ----------------------

    "Do you struggle with guilt?”     Jyn had asked Cassian one day, bluntly and out of nowhere, as customary of her. She had learned many, many things over the years, but tact had sadly not been one of them.     He didn’t seem surprised, or gawk at her, or question her human emotions; she knew he wouldn’t, but she feared it nonetheless. Instead, his face remained impassive, and Jyn struggled with the feeling to beat on his chest and demand that he open up to her, allowing her to read him like he so easily read her.    “No, and yes.” He admitted finally, giving her a hard look