to ignore the fact that this isn’t supposed to happen?” Jyn asks loudly, throwing her hands out. Bodhi just tugs on his clothes, shrugging as if it were another day in the life.

“I knew he wouldn’t get information out of us, if that’s what he wanted.” Bodhi reasoned. “Besides, he probably could’ve killed us a lot easier than just drugging us.”

“We’ve gotten too reckless.” Jyn said angrily, making little crescent moons in her palms with the sharp ends of her nails. It was just like her dad used to say- you get too comfortable, too lax, you were doomed for failure. They had to keep moving, physically and mentally.

“Don’t beat yourself up over it, Jyn. Not much you can do when someone attacks you in a busy market. What were we going to do, stop him from drugging us after we were already knocked unconscious?” Bodhi joked, trying to keep her from getting too heated. “Pretty sure that’s even beyond Jyn Erso’s job description.”

It helped, a little. It was why they were a successful extractor team- she was too high-struck, too cold, while he seemed to be too relaxed, too light-hearted. It balanced out into a well-rebounded group.

“He mentioned my dad, and Krennic.” Jyn said suddenly, studying his reaction. Bodhi gave her a concerned look, snatching his signature pilot’s goggles off of the nightstand. His mood had changed quickly, his relaxed demeanor now replaced with.whole-hearted concern.

“Let’s go some place safer.”

Weeks pass after Jyn told Bodhi what had happened.

She had insisted she wouldn’t pursue it, and he had agreed to back her up. They’d been through so many years and jobs together that it wasn’t a surprise that he would want her to make a decision on this proposition without her. And after that, it’s like it never happened. They move on, they go about their daily lives of dream-infiltration like she wasn’t infiltrated herself a month back.

They go to Ankara, where a Turkish businessman pays them in precious jewels. It’s a simple job, one they’d done a million times before. All they had to do was discover the identity of the man who was sleeping with the businessman’s husband. It was a job more suited for a personal investigator, but some people wanted the absolute truth and all of it; Dreams didn’t lie.

It took up most of Jyn’s time and kept her mind from wandering too far, from doubting her decision on that beach in the Mediterranian. But she still thought about it what she couldn’t sleep at night, the lust for revenge growing and festering in her heart. She hadn’t heard the name Krennic in many, many years.

It’s like Cassian had planted a seed in Jyn’s mind, one that had grown into a garden by the time she and Bodhi had finished their Ankara job. She knew she had made the right decision, not choosing to help Cassian- but she also knew that it wasn’t the decision she wanted.

And so one night she comes to Bodhi, her hair wet from the shower in their Turkish hotel room, her eyes burning with conviction.

“I’m going to agree.” She says, and he knows exactly what she means. He’d seen the distant looks, the unfocused behavior after her dream with Cassian, and he knew her decision was unsteady despite her rejection.

“I’ll be the architect.” Bodhi says immediately, giving it little thought. Jyn, who never shows much emotion, gives him a shocked, amazed face.

“Are you sure?” She asked, although part of her would be comforted by the presence of a close friend in what lay ahead.

“I’m sure as hell not letting you be around him without me there. I mean, the guy drugged us.” Bodhi scoffs, and Jyn laughs, a full-bodied laugh that she hadn’t used in quite a long time. She smiles, partly because Bodhi is like a brother she never had, and partially because she is finally moving, physically and mentally.

They find the exact beach two weeks later after scouring the Internet for locations. Being a master in their field requires remarkable memory; even if she didn’t have an amazing memory, the dream had left such an impact that she could’ve drawn it in her sleep.

It’s on the coast of Spain, five miles from a tiny rural town. It is quaint, beautiful, and untouched, and Jyn feels as if her kind- the dream extractors- should not be touching such a virgin place.

The first day they go to the cafe he is not there; it’s a bit unnerving, reliving the dream. Her hand couches her kyber crystal totem, tracing it's outline with her finger; she does this the duration of their stay,