a madhouse, or still in the pits in Afghanistan. I leave that decision to you dear reader, as if you read this account, then surely I am real as the words on the page. The figure in the chair moved, a bare inclination of his head.

"Sebastian, I see I calculated your return correctly," he said and with those simple words my doubt was removed, but also the breath from my lungs as surely as if I had been struck. His eyes were bright, and glittering in the firelight and his mouth quirked in the manner that I instinctively knew meant to be his version of great humor, or perpetrating a wonderful jest.

My filthy pack was set on the ground and I have no recall of putting it there myself, nor of making any other sensible movement, though clearly I did these things unbidden by my conscious thoughts. "How?" It encompassed so many questions which danced in my mind.

"Calculating your return? A mere calculation of factors, and habits," James replied. “But of course you mean my presence. A mystery for the ages indeed. Some things are best left that way." he said with infuriating evasiveness.

It was ever his way, and I wondered if it was due to the Queen's trust of him. Not out of reverence but out of wanting to keep a plaything alive.

 "Are you...?" Still human I wanted to ask though I don't know if he ever was on the same level as myself and other ordinary folk.

"Intact? Yes." It was not an answer to the question I wanted to ask but it sufficed. 

It encapsulated the major concerns, though I was not sure intact mattered much when it came to them. I edged nearer, willing my knees to bend and feet to lift, finally close enough to touch his shoulder, seeking body heat as proof.

He was solid, real and he turned his head to meet my gaze and for the briefest moment I was convinced I saw an iridescence much like light on the carapace of a beetle shimmer over the black center of his eye.  James was returned but not unchanged unless it was my own mind giving me visions.

"I am real Sebastian, and I might be somewhat changed, but I am still your companion James Moriarty."

"I know what they did to me. I've seen what happened to other soldiers." Gibbering didn't always mean a ruined mind from my experience but sometimes something possessed by horror. Sometimes I'd suspected that something of the others, of royalty, had come back in the person and been incapable of using the body appropriately.

He looked at me for a long moment. "Their realm breaks the ordinary mind Sebastian. Perhaps it is to that you owe your survival as you are far beyond the normal soldier. I attribute my own survival to my extraordinary mind. There is so much I know now Sebastian, so much!" His face was paled and his eyes burned fanatically in darkened sockets, but I had seen him that way many times when upon a case and to my shame, the shock of his presence blinded me to some of the signs.

Here was a dead man sitting in front of me, animated and speaking, his physical mannerisms as they had ever seemed to be. "Do you know what is going on here?”

"Yes. And it is far bigger than you can comprehend Sebastian," he replied. "Sit, you are quite pale with shock."

It was odd for him to attempt to comfort me, after all over a year missing. "I've been out there killing these things as they encroach on us," I countered, because just then I needed no tender ministrations. I needed physical proof, I needed to be surer of what was before my eyes, and what my ears were hearing.

"Then tell me what you have surmised so far," he said gesturing again to the chair opposite him.

Reluctantly I took my place across from him, watching his eyes all the while. "Royals not our own are encroaching on our lands. Known ones, named ones that have been foretold of in ancient histories. The King in Yellow is dead, as are more, acts sanctioned by Victoria herself."

It was a simple way to describe the events, but accurate in my opinion.

"Indeed. And like the proverbial tip of the tentacle, that is all we see," James said. He leaned forward. "Now imagine if you can how the Royals and the Sleeping Ones truly go to war. This is but the opening arguments, your previous wars a spillover of discontent from That Place to here."

Truly, the suggestion changed nothing of my outlook -- as a soldier and a patriot. "And?"

"Before we have been toys and playthings. Insignificant or cherished pets at best. Now we have proven a threat. Victoria Gloriana rises meteoric and old alliances shift and collapse, feeding grounds move and with it treaties crumble," James recited it with an edge in his voice, hysteria or mania I did not know, all the more chilling for his calm. "War comes to Albion on