.

Inexorably my mind turned to the times I had encountered him before. Each time he had conspired not only to commit treason, but somehow to save lives. The notions were contradictory, but somehow appropriate. And true, I knew they were true regardless of the politics of it.  "How did you meet him?" There was no question who 'him' was.
 "After I was... discharged from the Army, and I discovered what had happened to my sister in my absence, I made some reckless and foolish decisions." He gave me a thin smile. "I believed that making enough of a disturbance would draw attention to the problem. Unfortunately it drew only attention to myself. Sherlock, despite his own state saved me from some of the darker agents of the Crown. From that moment, I had a purpose." 
Treason. And attempting to save people from the fate of his sister, as if what had happened to her could not be undone. "And an ally. It's a shame you can't redeem yourself somehow. You're talented enough."

"I am redeeming myself," he answered. "In my eyes at least.  We are a conquered people. No, to them we are not even people, we are...livestock. I can speak the heresy without flinching now because I have seen the truth of it that they conceal many times over and with my death, I have made arrangements for evidence to find it's way to every major newspaper in the civilised world. If Rache is not dead, then perhaps I can leave him a legacy of revolution to return to."

"To what end? When a herd goes mad, a smart farmer slaughters them." Sebastian took a swig of his beer, and leaned back again. "What does one do when the very air fights you? When they walk among us?"

"To find out how to fight them, you would have to wait for that publication," he said and exhaled. "I would not create that level of risk without the possibility of success."

No, perhaps he would not and it made me intrigued somehow when I had considered myself beyond curiosity. "How will you know if anyone will act on it?" I leaned forward, elbows on the table, and tracked the motion of his eyes with my own, looking for un-surety, darting.

"I do not. Every man works to his own conscience," he answered. "Perhaps it will all be for nothing but I will have tried." His gaze was steady and honest and filled with something I could not name. Regret perhaps, or a wistfulness that this was the way things were.

"You're afraid it won't work." He wasn't, but I felt like challenging him. "You should be there to see this through, but you don't want to see the consequences if it fails."

"I'm not sure I want to see the consequences if it succeeds," he answered. "And yourself, what is your history with Moriarty?"

"Medical discharge after Afghanistan. I shouldn't have survived at all. He needed… a foil more than someone to help with the price of the flat. We were a well matched fit, and after Victoria Gloriana healed my arm, it eased many of my concerns." I had many doubts and fears and concerns, but I kept them close to my chest and had since my early days in the service.

"There are some of the Old Bloods who could do that," the doctor agreed. "I was concerned he might try something similar again as to using you for expediency."

"I suppose the opportunity never came up again." I noted it wryly. "We never spoke of it again, and he was forgiven for his failure. If I had known…" I still cannot say if I would have gone along with it, but I felt the outrage and betrayal fresh in my heart reflecting on the memory.

"You should not have been in that position. Or what happened the last time we were here. He used you then to lure the Hound."

I scoffed quietly, looking down at our empty plates, and hailed the barman for another round. "I knew what I was doing with the Hound. I'd hunted foul creatures before my discharge, and I knew what baited them best."

"It nearly had you," he reminded me. "You were lucky."  "Luck had nothing to do with it. And your Rache, I'm sure he put you at risk for the cause." It was hard to imagine that Rache had not been as obsessed as James had been in those last few weeks.

"Mmm." His non-committal utterance was as much as a confirmation as I needed. It seemed both of us had issues with our companions. It was only after the drink had been brought and the other man had doggedly drunk down half of it that he said quietly. "Did you love him?"

A more damning question had seldom been asked; still, for those who know me, and had known James, it