
=====================================================================
Self-Inspection Checklists
=====================================================================
          
     	     U.S. Department of Labor	      	        
     Occupational Safety & Health Administration	                 
     	     www.osha.gov	      	       MyOSHA [skip navigational links]	      Search 	        Advanced Search | A-Z Index	      	           
       
     	       
       
     
Safety and Health Topics > Small Business Training > Self-Inspection Checklists	 
Printing Instructions 	
Self-Inspection Checklists	 
These checklists are by no means all-inclusive. You should add to them or delete portions or items that do not apply to your operations; however, carefully consider each item as you come to it and then make your decision. You will also need to refer to OSHA standards for complete and specific standards that may apply to your situation. (NOTE: These checklists are typical for general industry but not for construction or maritime.) 
  
OSHA Office of Training and Education
May 1997
 	 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTENTS 
Safety and Health Program 
Personal Protective Equipment 
Flammable and Combustible Materials 
Hand and Portable Powered Tools 
Lockout/Tagout Procedures 
Confined Spaces 
Electrical 
Walking-Working Surfaces 
Hazard Communication 
SAFETY AND HEALTH PROGRAM 	
 	 Do you have an active safety and health program in operation that deals with general safety and health program elements as well as management of hazards specific to your worksite?	 
 	 Is one person clearly responsible for the overall activities of the safety and health program?	 
 	 Do you have a safety committee or group made up of management and labor representatives that meets regularly and reports in writing on its activities?	 
 	 Do you have a working procedure for handling in-house employee complaints regarding safety and health?	 
 	 
 	 Are you keeping your employees advised of the successful effort and accomplishments you and/or your safety committee have made in assuring they will have a workplace that is safe and healthful?	 
 	 Have you considered incentives for employees or workgroups who have excelled in reducing workplace injuries/illnesses?	 
PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT 	
 	 Are employers assessing the workplace to determine if hazards that require the use of personal protective equipment (for example, head, eye, face, hand, or foot protection) are present or are likely to be present? 	
 	 If hazards or the likelihood of hazards are found, are employers selecting and having affected employees use properly fitted personal protective equipment suitable for protection from these hazards? 	
 	 Has the employee been trained on ppe procedures, that is, what ppe is necessary for a job task, when they need it, and how to properly adjust it? 	
 	 Are protective goggles or face shields provided and worn where there is any danger of flying particles or corrosive materials? 	
 	 Are approved safety glasses required to be worn at all times in areas where there is a risk of eye injuries such as punctures, abrasions, contusions or burns? 	
 	 Are employees who need corrective lenses (glasses or contacts) in working environments having harmful exposures, required to wear only approved safety glasses, protective goggles, or use other medically approved precautionary procedures? 	
 	 Are protective gloves, aprons, shields, or other means provided and required where employees could be cut or where there is reasonably anticipated exposure to corrosive liquids, chemicals, blood, or other potentially infectious materials? See 29 CFR 1910.1030(b) for the definition of "other potentially infectious materials." 	
 	 Are hard hats provided and worn where danger of falling objects exists? 	
 	 Are hard hats inspected periodically for damage to the shell and suspension system? 	
 	 Is appropriate foot protection required where there is the risk of foot injuries from hot, corrosive, or poisonous substances, falling objects, crushing or penetrating actions? 	
 	 Are approved respirators provided for regular or emergency use where needed? 	
 	 Is all protective equipment maintained in a sanitary condition and ready for use? 	
 	 Do you have eye wash facilities and a quick drench shower within the work area where employees are exposed to injurious corrosive materials? Where special equipment is needed for electrical workers, is it available? 	
 	 Where food or beverages are consumed on the premises, are they consumed in areas where there is no exposure to toxic material, blood, or other potentially infectious materials? 	
 	 Is protection against the effects of occupational noise exposure provided when sound levels exceed those of the OSHA noise standard? 	
 	 Are adequate work procedures, protective clothing and equipment provided and used when cleaning up spilled toxic or otherwise hazardous materials or liquids? 	
 	 Are there appropriate procedures in place for disposing of or decontaminating personal protective equipment contaminated with, or reasonably anticipated to be contaminated with, blood or other potentially infectious materials?	 
FLAMMABLE AND COMBUSTIBLE MATERIALS 	
 	 Are combustible scrap, debris, and waste materials (oily rags, etc.) stored in covered metal receptacles and removed from the worksite promptly? 	
 	 Is proper storage practiced to minimize the risk of fire including spontaneous combustion? 	
 	 Are approved containers and tanks used for the storage and handling of flammable and combustible liquids? 	
 	 Are all connections on drums and combustible liquid piping, vapor and liquid tight? 	
 	 Are all flammable liquids kept in closed containers when not in use (for example, parts cleaning tanks, pans, etc.)? 	
 	 Are bulk drums of flammable liquids grounded and bonded to containers during dispensing? 	
 	 Do storage rooms for flammable and combustible liquids have explosion-proof lights? 	
 	 Do storage rooms for flammable and combustible liquids have mechanical or gravity ventilation? 	
 	 Is liquefied petroleum gas stored, handled, and used in accordance with safe practices and standards? 	
 	 Are "NO SMOKING" signs posted on liquefied petroleum gas tanks? 	
 	 Are liquefied petroleum storage tanks guarded to prevent damage from vehicles? 	
 	 Are all solvent wastes and flammable liquids kept in fire-resistant, covered containers until they are removed from the worksite? 	
 	 Is vacuuming used whenever possible rather than blowing or sweeping combustible dust? Are firm separators placed between containers of combustibles or flammables, when stacked one upon another, to assure their support and stability? 	
 	 Are fuel gas cylinders and oxygen cylinders separated by distance, and fire-resistant barriers, while in storage? 	
 	 Are fire extinguishers selected and provided for the types of materials in areas where they are to be used? 	
 	 
 	  	 Class A Ordinary combustible material fires. 	
 	 
 	  	 Class B Flammable liquid, gas or grease fires. 	
 	 
 	  	 Class C Energized-electrical equipment fires. 	
 	 Are appropriate fire extinguishers mounted within 75 feet of outside areas containing flammable liquids, and within 10 feet of any inside storage area for such materials? 	
 	 Are extinguishers free from obstructions or blockage? 	
 	 Are all extinguishers serviced, maintained and tagged at intervals not to exceed 1 year? 	
 	 Are all extinguishers fully charged and in their designated places? 	
 	 Where sprinkler systems are permanently installed, are the nozzle heads so directed or arranged that water will not be sprayed into operating electrical switch boards and equipment? 	
 	 Are "NO SMOKING" signs posted where appropriate in areas where flammable or combustible materials are used or stored? 	
 	 Are safety cans used for dispensing flammable or combustible liquids at a point of use? 	
 	 Are all spills of flammable or combustible liquids cleaned up promptly? 	
 	 Are storage tanks adequately vented to prevent the development of excessive vacuum or pressure as a result of filling, emptying, or atmosphere temperature changes? 	
 	 Are storage tanks equipped with emergency venting that will relieve excessive internal pressure caused by fire exposure? 	
 	 Are "NO SMOKING" rules enforced in areas involving storage and use of hazardous materials?	 
HAND AND PORTABLE POWERED TOOLS 	
Hand Tools and Equipment 
 	 Are all tools and equipment (both company and employee owned) used by employees at their workplace in good condition? 	
 	 Are hand tools such as chisels and punches, which develop mushroomed heads during use, reconditioned or replaced as necessary? 	
 	 Are broken or fractured handles on hammers, axes and similar equipment replaced promptly? 	
 	 Are worn or bent wrenches replaced regularly? 	
 	 Are appropriate handles used on files and similar tools? 	
 	 Are employees made aware of the hazards caused by faulty or improperly used hand tools? 	
 	 Are appropriate safety glasses, face shields, etc. used while using hand tools or equipment which might produce flying materials or be subject to breakage? 	
 	 Are jacks checked periodically to ensure they are in good operating condition? 	
 	 Are tool handles wedged tightly in the head of all tools? 	
 	 Are tool cutting edges kept sharp so the tool will move smoothly without binding or skipping? 	
 	 Are tools stored in dry, secure locations where they won't be tampered with? 	
 	 Is eye and face protection used when driving hardened or tempered spuds or nails? 	
Portable (Power Operated) Tools and Equipment 
 	 Are grinders, saws and similar equipment provided with appropriate safety guards? 	
 	 Are power tools used with the correct shield, guard, or attachment, recommended by the manufacturer? 	
 	 Are portable circular saws equipped with guards above and below the base shoe? Are circular saw guards checked to assure they are not wedged up, thus leaving the lower portion of the blade unguarded? 	
 	 Are rotating or moving parts of equipment guarded to prevent physical contact? 	
 	 Are all cord-connected, electrically operated tools and equipment effectively grounded or of the approved double insulated type? 	
 	 Are effective guards in place over belts, pulleys, chains, sprockets, on equipment such as concrete mixers, and air compressors? 	
 	 Are portable fans provided with full guards or screens having openings ½ inch or less? 	
 	 Is hoisting equipment available and used for lifting heavy objects, and are hoist ratings and characteristics appropriate for the task? 	
 	 Are ground-fault circuit interrupters provided on all temporary electrical 15 and 20 ampere circuits, used during periods of construction? 	
 	 Are pneumatic and hydraulic hoses on power operated tools checked regularly for deterioration or damage? 	
Powder-Actuated Tools 
 	 Are employees who operate powder-actuated tools trained in their use and carry a valid operator's card? 	
 	 Is each powder-actuated tool stored in its own locked container when not being used? 	
 	 Is a sign at least 7 inches by 10 inches with bold face type reading "POWDER-ACTUATED TOOL IN USE" conspicuously posted when the tool is being used? 	
 	 Are powder-actuated tools left unloaded until they are actually ready to be used? 	
 	 Are powder-actuated tools inspected for obstructions or defects each day before use? 	
 	 Do powder-actuated tool operators have and use appropriate personal protective equipment such as hard hats, safety goggles, safety shoes and ear protectors?	 
LOCKOUT/TAGOUT PROCEDURES 	
 	 Is all machinery or equipment capable of movement, required to be de-energized or disengaged and locked-out during cleaning, servicing, adjusting or setting up operations, whenever required? 	
 	 Where the power disconnecting means for equipment does not also disconnect the electrical control circuit: 	
 	  	 Are the appropriate electrical enclosures identified? 	
 	 
 	  	 Is means provided to assure the control circuit can also be disconnected and locked-out? 	
 	 Is the locking-out of control circuits in lieu of locking-out main power disconnects prohibited? 	
 	 Are all equipment control valve handles provided with a means for locking-out? 	
 	 Does the lock-out procedure require that stored energy (mechanical, hydraulic, air, etc.) be released or blocked before equipment is locked-out for repairs? 	
 	 Are appropriate employees provided with individually keyed personal safety locks? 	
 	 Are employees required to keep personal control of their key(s) while they have safety locks in use? 	
 	 Is it required that only the employee exposed to the hazard, place or remove the safety lock? 	
 	 Is it required that employees check the safety of the lock-out by attempting a startup after making sure no one is exposed? 	
 	 Are employees instructed to always push the control circuit stop button immediately after checking the safety of the lock-out? 	
 	 Is there a means provided to identify any or all employees who are working on locked-out equipment by their locks or accompanying tags? 	
 	 Are a sufficient number of accident preventive signs or tags and safety padlocks provided for any reasonably foreseeable repair emergency? 	
 	 When machine operations, configuration or size requires the operator to leave his or her control station to install tools or perform other operations, and that part of the machine could move if accidentally activated, is such element required to be separately locked or blocked out? 	
 	 In the event that equipment or lines cannot be shut down, locked-out and tagged, is a safe job procedure established and rigidly followed?	 
CONFINED SPACES 	
 	 Are confined spaces thoroughly emptied of any corrosive or hazardous substances, such as acids or caustics, before entry? 	
 	 Are all lines to a confined space, containing inert, toxic, flammable, or corrosive materials valved off and blanked or disconnected and separated before entry? 	
 	 Are all impellers, agitators, or other moving parts and equipment inside confined spaces locked-out if they present a hazard? 	
 	 Is either natural or mechanical ventilation provided prior to confined space entry? 	
 	 Are appropriate atmospheric tests performed to check for oxygen deficiency, toxic substances and explosive concentrations in the confined space before entry? 	
 	 Is adequate illumination provided for the work to be performed in the confined space? 	
 	 Is the atmosphere inside the confined space frequently tested or continuously monitored during conduct of work? Is there an assigned safety standby employee outside of the confined space. when required, whose sole responsibility is to watch the work in progress, sound an alarm if necessary, and render assistance? 	
 	 Is the standby employee appropriately trained and equipped to handle an emergency? 	
 	 Is the standby employee or other employees prohibited from entering the confined space without lifelines and respiratory equipment if there is any question as to the cause of an emergency? 	
 	 Is approved respiratory equipment required if the atmosphere inside the confined space cannot be made acceptable 	
 	 Is all portable electrical equipment used inside confined spaces either grounded and insulated, or equipped with ground fault protection? 	
 	 Before gas welding or burning is started in a confined space, are hoses checked for leaks, compressed gas bottles forbidden inside of the confined space, torches lighted only outside of the confined area and the confined area tested for an explosive atmosphere each time before a lighted torch is to be taken into the confined space? 	
 	 If employees will be using oxygen-consuming equipment-such as salamanders, torches, and furnaces, in a confined space-is sufficient air provided to assure combustion without reducing the oxygen concentration of the atmosphere below 19.5 percent by volume? 	
 	 Whenever combustion-type equipment is used in a confined space, are provisions made to ensure the exhaust gases are vented outside of the enclosure? 	
 	 Is each confined space checked for decaying vegetation or animal matter which may produce methane? 	
 	 Is the confined space checked for possible industrial waste which could contain toxic properties? 	
 	 If the confined space is below the ground and near areas where motor vehicles will be operating, is it possible for vehicle exhaust or carbon monoxide to enter the space? 	
ELECTRICAL 	
 	 Do you specify compliance with OSHA for all contract electrical work? 	
 	 Are all employees required to report as soon as practicable any obvious hazard to life or property observed in connection with electrical equipment or lines? 	
 	 Are employees instructed to make preliminary inspections and/or appropriate tests to determine what conditions exist before starting work on electrical equipment or lines? 	
 	 When electrical equipment or lines are to be serviced, maintained or adjusted, are necessary switches opened, locked-out and tagged whenever possible? 	
 	 Are portable electrical tools and equipment grounded or of the double insulated type? 	
 	 Are electrical appliances such as vacuum cleaners, polishers, and vending machines grounded? 	
 	 Do extension cords being used have a grounding conductor? 	
 	 Are multiple plug adaptors prohibited? 	
 	 Are ground-fault circuit interrupters installed on each temporary 15 or 20 ampere, 120 volt AC circuit at locations where construction, demolition, modifications, alterations or excavations are being performed? 	
 	 Are all temporary circuits protected by suitable disconnecting switches or plug connectors at the junction with permanent wiring? 	
 	 Do you have electrical installations in hazardous dust or vapor areas? If so, do they meet the National Electrical Code (NEC) for hazardous locations? 	
 	 Is exposed wiring and cords with frayed or deteriorated insulation repaired or replaced promptly? 	
 	 Are flexible cords and cables free of splices or taps? 	
 	 Are clamps or other securing means provided on flexible cords or cables at plugs, receptacles, tools, equipment, etc., and is the cord jacket securely held in place? Are all cord, cable and raceway connections intact and secure? 	
 	 
 	 In wet or damp locations, are electrical tools and equipment appropriate for the use or location or otherwise protected? 	
 	 Is the location of electrical power lines and cables (overhead, underground, underfloor, other side of walls) determined before digging, drilling or similar work is begun? 	
 	 Are metal measuring tapes, ropes, handlines or similar devices with metallic thread woven into the fabric prohibited where they could come in contact with energized parts of equipment or circuit conductors? 	
 	 Is the use of metal ladders prohibited in areas where the ladder or the person using the ladder could come in contact with energized parts of equipment, fixtures or circuit conductors? 	
 	 Are all disconnecting switches and circuit breakers labeled to indicate their use or equipment served? 	
 	 Are disconnecting means always opened before fuses are replaced? 	
 	 Do all interior wiring systems include provisions for grounding metal parts of electrical raceways, equipment and enclosures? 	
 	 Are all electrical raceways and enclosures securely fastened in place? 	
 	 Are all energized parts of electrical circuits and equipment guarded against accidental contact by approved cabinets or enclosures? 	
 	 Is sufficient access and working space provided and maintained about all electrical equipment to permit ready and safe operations and maintenance? 	
 	 Are all unused openings (including conduit knockouts) in electrical enclosures and fittings closed with appropriate covers, plugs or plates? 	
 	 Are electrical enclosures such as switches, receptacles, and junction boxes, provided with tightfitting covers or plates? 	
 	 Are disconnecting switches for electrical motors in excess of two horsepower, capable of opening the circuit when the motor is in a stalled condition, without exploding? (Switches must be horsepower rated equal to or in excess of the motor hp rating.) Is low voltage protection provided in the control device of motors driving machines or equipment which could cause probable injury from inadvertent starting? 	
 	 Is each motor disconnecting switch or circuit breaker located within sight of the motor control device? 	
 	 Is each motor located within sight of its controller or the controller disconnecting means capable of being locked in the open position or is a separate disconnecting means installed in the circuit within sight of the motor? 	
 	 Is the controller for each motor in excess of two horsepower, rated in horsepower equal to or in excess of the rating of the motor it serves? 	
 	 Are employees who regularly work on or around energized electrical equipment or lines instructed in the cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) methods? 	
 	 Are employees prohibited from working alone on energized lines or equipment over 600 volts? 	
WALKING-WORKING SURFACES 	
General Work Environment 
 	 Is a documented, functioning housekeeping program in place?	 
 	 Are all worksites clean, sanitary, and orderly?	 
 	 Are work surfaces kept dry or is appropriate means taken to assure the surfaces are slip-resistant?	 
 	 Are all spilled hazardous materials or liquids, including blood and other potentially infectious materials, cleaned up immediately and according to proper procedures?	 
 	 Is combustible scrap, debris and waste stored safely and removed from the worksite properly?	 
 	 Is all regulated waste, as defined in the OSHA bloodborne pathogens standard (1910.1030), discarded according to federal, state, and local regulations?	 
 	 Are accumulations of combustible dust routinely removed from elevated surfaces including the overhead structure of buildings, etc.?	 
 	 Is combustible dust cleaned up with a vacuum system to prevent the dust from going into suspension?	 
 	 Is metallic or conductive dust prevented from entering or accumulating on or around electrical enclosures or equipment?	 
 	 Are covered metal waste cans used for oily and paint-soaked waste?	 
Walkways 
 	 Are aisles and passageways kept clear?	 
 	 Are aisles and walkways marked as appropriate?	 
 	 Are wet surfaces covered with non-slip materials?	 
 	 Are holes in the floor, sidewalk or other walking surface repaired properly, covered or otherwise made safe?	 
 	 Is there safe clearance for walking in aisles where motorized or mechanical handling equipment is operating?	 
 	 Are materials or equipment stored in such a way that sharp projectives will not interfere with the walkway?	 
 	 Are spilled materials cleaned up immediately?	 
 	 Are changes of direction or elevation readily identifiable?	 
 	 Are aisles or walkways that pass near moving or operating machinery, welding operations or similar operations arranged so employees will not be subjected to potential hazards?	 
 	 Is adequate headroom provided for the entire length of any aisle or walkway?	 
 	 Are standard guardrails provided wherever aisle or walkway surfaces are elevated more than 30 inches above any adjacent floor or the ground?	 
 	 Are bridges provided over conveyors and similar hazards?	 
Floor and Wall Openings 
 	 Are floor openings guarded by a cover, a guardrail, or equivalent on all sides (except at entrance to stairways or ladders)?	 
 	 Are toeboards installed around the edges of permanent floor openings (where persons may pass below the opening)?	 
 	 Are skylight screens of such construction and mounting that they will withstand a load of at least 200 pounds?	 
 	 Is the glass in the windows, doors, glass walls, etc., which are subject to human impact, of sufficient thickness and type for the condition of use?	 
 	 Are grates or similar type covers over floor openings such as floor drains of such design that foot traffic or rolling equipment will not be affected by the grate spacing?	 
 	 Are unused portions of service pits and pits not actually in use either covered or protected by guardrails or equivalent?	 
 	 Are manhole covers, trench covers and similar covers, plus their supports designed to carry a truck rear axle load of at least 20,000 pounds when located in roadways and subject to vehicle traffic?	 
 	 Are floor or wall openings in fire resistive construction provided with doors or covers compatible with the fire rating of the structure and provided with a self-closing feature when appropriate?	 
Stairs and Stairways 
 	 Are standard stair rails or handrails on all stairways having four or more risers?	 
 	 Are all stairways at least 22 inches wide?	 
 	 Do stairs have landing platforms not less than 30 inches in the direction of travel and extend 22 inches in width at every 12 feet or less of vertical rise?	 
 	 Do stairs angle no more than 50 and no less than 30 degrees?	 
 	 Are step risers on stairs uniform from top to bottom?	 
 	 Are steps on stairs and stairways designed or provided with a surface that renders them slip resistant?	 
 	 Are stairway handrails located between 30 and 34 inches above the leading edge of stair treads?	 
 	 Do stairway handrails have at least 3 inches of clearance between the handrails and the wall or surface they are mounted on?	 
 	 Where doors or gates open directly on a stairway, is there a platform provided so the swing of the door does not reduce the width of the platform to less than 21 inches?	 
 	 Where stairs or stairways exit directly into any area where vehicles may be operated, are adequate barriers and warnings provided to prevent employees stepping into the path of traffic?	 
 	 Do stairway landings have a dimension measured in the direction of travel, at least equal to the width of the stairway?	 
Elevated Surfaces 
 	 Are signs posted, when appropriate, showing the elevated surface load capacity?	 
 	 Are surfaces elevated more than 30 inches above the floor or ground provided with standard guardrails?	 
 	 Are all elevated surfaces (beneath which people or machinery could be exposed to falling objects) provided with standard 4-inch toeboards?	 
 	 Is a permanent means of access and egress provided to elevated storage and work surfaces?	 
 	 Is required headroom provided where necessary?	 
 	 Is material on elevated surfaces piled, stacked or racked in a manner to prevent it from tipping, falling, collapsing, rolling or spreading?	 
 	 Are dock boards or bridge plates used when transferring materials between docks and trucks or rail cars?	 
HAZARD COMMUNICATION 	
 	 Is there a list of hazardous substances used in your workplace? 	
 	 Is there a written hazard communication program dealing with Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS), labeling, and employee training? 	
 	 Is each container for a hazardous substance (i.e., vats, bottles, storage tanks, etc.) labeled with product identity and a hazard warning (communication of the specific health hazards and physical hazards)? 	
 	 Is there a Material Safety Data Sheet readily available for each hazardous substance used? 	
 	 Is there an employee training program for hazardous substances? 	
 	 Does this program include: 	
 	  	 An explanation of what an MSDS is and how to use and obtain one? 	
 	  	 MSDS contents for each hazardous substance or class of substances? 	
 	  	 Explanation of "Right to Know?" 	
 	  	 Identification of where an employee can see the employers written hazard communication program and where hazardous substances are present in their work areas? 	
 	  	 The physical and health hazards of substances in the work area, and specific protective measures to be used? 	
 	  	 Details of the hazard communication program, including how to use the labeling system and MSDS's? 	
 	 Are employees trained in the following: 	
 	  	 How to recognize tasks that might result in occupational exposure? 	
 	  	 How to use work practice and engineering controls and personal protective equipment and to know their limitations? 	
 	  	 How to obtain information on the types selection, proper use, location, removal handling, decontamination, and disposal of personal protective equipment? 	
 	  	 Who to contact and what to do in an emergency?	 
 	 
 	        
       
           Back to Top       www.osha.gov      	     www.dol.gov	         
           
---------------------------------------------------------------------
      Contact Us |       Freedom of Information Act |             Customer Survey
      Privacy and Security Statement |       Disclaimers       
---------------------------------------------------------------------
     	       
    Occupational Safety & Health Administration
200 Constitution Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20210
 	     Page last updated: 06/03/2004	       
