The Dust needed to be dissolved, and then it needed to be attuned. Putting unattuned Dust into the body was like throwing gunpowder into a fire. The Dust was out of sync with the user’s aura, and they would war, vibrating against each other until the Dust inevitably ignited.

There were chemicals that could aid this step. Solvents could liquefy the Dust, and then be separated with the centrifuge. But that would be slow, and the centrifuge was just as loud as the grinder.

She focused on the vial, on the smooth glass pressing into her palms. It was easier to think about that, to center on it, than on herself. It was a goal, and possibly… a solution.

Her aura surrounded her at all times, a second skin. It took a conscious effort to move it, an atrophied limb stirring into motion, and-

She hissed as her aura pulsed down her arms. The first minute felt like sunburn on the inside of her skin; tender flesh and muscle crying out as her aura seared them. The tube flared with a flickering, misty light as she suffused it, holding on even as her limbs ached.

Aura met Dust. The blood began to churn as she enfolded the grains, not activating, but grinding them even more. She’d described it to her father as being like ‘stones in the ocean.’ Larger pieces were worn down and broken apart with constant motion. Her aura moved in steady, rhythmic waves grinding the grains of Dust together, using their own friction to wear them down.

It was a calming, soothing metaphor that didn’t really take in how much it hurt.

The second minute was worse. Her hands began seizing around the tube, muscles writhing under the skin as the pain escalated to a white-hot burn. The flow stuttered, thinning, and Wynn gritted her teeth.

“Not yet. Not yet.”

Her aura was dwindling, slowly and inevitably. Her body was shutting off the external aspect of her aura in the same automatic way it might shiver in the cold. It was the hard limit that prevented her from spending a lethal amount of lifeforce.

“Just-a-little-more.”

Each compression was like working handfuls of molten sand now, her aura screaming as she forced it to move. Necessity kept her going. This had to happen.

Slowly, the Dust began to dissolve, melting into the blood like sugar in water. She closed her fists around the vial and pushed. The psychic “channels” that her aura flowed through were pinholes now, and she whined with pain as she forced them past their capacity. The Dust was thrumming in her hands, a song just out of tune with her own.

It was reacting in a way she’d never seen before. Her aura was moving in ways outside her direction, caught in a flow she hadn’t made. Fighting it felt wrong, like walking against a river. Wynn let her aura move as it needed to, and found her eyes going wide as the Dust grains began to burst. They weren’t igniting- this was like seeds germinating; she was completing something in the Dust, and they were dissolving, merging seamlessly into her blood.

This had never happened before. Previous samples usually ended up gritty, full of grains that refused to dissolve. It was a-

“Miss Schnee?”

She jerked with surprise, nearly falling off her stool.

“Miss Schnee, are you in there?” Someone called from outside. Dimly, she thought it might be one of the maids. The knob turned, then caught. “It’s time to get ready, Miss.”

“I’m busy,” Wynn snapped, trying to keep her voice level around the furious heat in her hands. “Come back later.”

There were faint, scuffling footsteps as the woman fretted outside the door, and then-

“Your father was very insistent that you get ready.”

It was definitely one of the maids. Probably Sapphire.

“Go away!”

She paid for her distraction with a surge in her aura. A purple bruise bloomed on the back of her hand as the blood vessels ruptured under the aural pressure.

Wynn yelped, but kept going. The door was specially reinforced to protect her gear. The maid would need a key to get through.

“Are you okay?” Sapphire called, sounding worried. “Did you fall?”

Wynn ignored her.

The last grain melted away, and she let her aura go. The flow rebounded on her like a wild dog, and she had just enough time to drop the vial back into the rack before the spasm hit her. Her hands twitched and curled, her eyes rolling back, back arching, teeth bared in a rictus. She tipped backwards, and only one flailing, kicking leg under the table kept her from toppling over entirely.

From outside came the sound of heels on stone as Sapphire scurried away.

The seizure lasted an eternal minute, Wynn’s body drawn to the breaking point before finally collapsing against the table like a rag doll. It was dumb luck that she didn’t pitch face