let her bomber jacket fall to the floor, exposing her under-tank, drawn tight over a body like an olympic athlete. 


The sprawling heart and rose tattoos on her biceps were as vivid as ever.

Her sister’s smile hitched a tad. “It’s Magdalene, now. Remember?”

Bethany was tapping her pockets again. Where was her lighter? Where was it?! “So I’m ‘Bethie,’ but you don’t get to be Big Sis Mags?”


 “
Ma’am, are you ready to check out?” the clerk interrupted. 



 Bethany jerked- she’d forgotten he was there. “Get out of here, you stupid fuck!” He stared, all blank doe-eyes at her. Bethany snarled at him and let hellfire bloom in her palm. “This is a robbery, now 
run you fucking moron
!”


The kid gaped, then turned to run. He was scrambling for the door into the employee’s quarters when Bethany turned away.

Maggie was watching her, thumbs hooked into the straps of her top like suspenders. “I’m going to have to kill him,” she said. “No witnesses, remember?”

“He won’t remember. Muggles can’t comprehend shit.” She was back to patting herself down, trying to find her lighter. She needed to self-immolate, to burn herself with something. Magical flame didn’t have the same effect- she couldn’t power herself by burning herself with the thing she was powering.

And… she didn’t have it. She’d left it in the car. Wait- the car. She wasn’t here alone. Maggie was standing between her and the door, but that didn’t mean much.

Bethany pointed and fired. A tiny fireball rocketed from her fingertip and shot through the glass of the front door. It hit the tarmac outside and burst, scattering sparks everywhere. She was hoping it’d start a fire out there, something mundane to fuel herself with, but it was no dice. It sputtered out, even as the last of the glass was falling.

“Looking for someone?” Maggie said calmly.

Another figure stepped into view in the doorframe. Red hair, cut short enough to expose the pale scalp beneath it. Gangly and incongruous in his button-down shirt and slacks, looking more like a budget Jehovah’s Witness than anything.

Lazarus.

“How’s it going?” he drawled, the twang in his voice more pronounced than in Maggie’s. “Just runnin errands, Bethany?”


 He stepped through the doors, coming more clearly into her sight. Blood poured from his eyes and followed in his wake like a slug-trail. 
A 
gash
 across his neck was 
spurting
 onto his shirt, slowly dyeing it red, even as the wound closed.


“Did you get her?” Maggie asked.

“Eve got away. Wounded her, but then she ran for it when I regenerated.” He fingered his neck for a moment, probing the cut. It closed a bit more as Bethany watched.


Maggie shrugged. “We’ll just get her afterward.” She tilted her head to one side, then the other, cracking her neck. 



 “Anyone ever tell you two-on-one is bullshit?” Bethany said. She could hear muffled pounding from inside the office. The kid hadn’t gotten out, which meant there was no exit there. There should be a fire door in back, 
but she hadn’t seen one yet. Maybe by the bathrooms?


The bathrooms that were almost certainly down a dead-end hallway if there was no fire door.


Slowly, Bethany reached out and snagged the brown paper bag the clerk had been using to store her groceries. The carton of cigarettes he’d pulled was beside it. She grabbed that too, tearing it open one-handed. 



 Her siblings were beginning to fan out. Maggie was stalking toward her, taking her time. Lazarus was hovering in the background, poised to cut off any escape routes with his shots. 
Two-on-one was bullshit though. Solo, she’d be able to take either one of them, but together they could cover their weaknesses.



 “So,” Maggie was saying. “Lilith really needs to be more careful. She’s 
very
 distinctive with all those brats of hers.”


Bethany paused with a cigarette halfway to her lips, her blood running cold. They knew where the apartment was. Lilith was vulnerable. They’d waited until they’d split up and moved in.

She pressed a second cig in beside the first. Lit both.

She grinned around them, letting her fire grow for the first time in days. “You stay the fuck away from my sister.” The tips of her twintails ignited, her hair rippling in the heat wave, her eyes suddenly full of hellfire.

The bag burst into flame in her hand, the carton burning a moment later. Their ignition was magical, but their incineration was purely mundane. Beth’s grin grew wider as the fire burnt through the flesh of her palm,