from Hell.

“I do not answer to you, boy,” Castiel hisses, though her facial muscles remain still, unresponsive to her emotion in the same way Jimmy’s used to be, the first week Castiel spent in that body.  “The girl said yes.  I have every right to be here.”

The younger Winchester flinches away, but Dean throws back his shoulders, meets Castiel’s gaze.  “Come on, man,” he says, and even Castiel is able to discern the forcedness underpinning his casual tone, the tension running through her body.  “Do you really want to be stuck in a chick’s body?  I mean – dude, isn’t she a bit young for you?”

Words are on the tip of her tongue – I am utterly indifferent to gender, I feel no sexual attraction to any being, aged or not – but she bites them back because you are not like them, you are greater than them, they are hairless apes and you are the light of God.

She shakes her head.  “I don’t answer to you,” she repeats.  “Heaven has called Claire Novak to service, and she will serve.  As will you two.”

“But-“ And of course Dean pushes it, stubborn primate that he is.  If this were Jimmy Novak’s body Castiel would have reached out, shoved the human against the wall and shown him his place.  But Claire is small and slim, so instead Castiel splays out a hand, lets her power do the work for her as Dean struggles at the invisible hand pinning him against the dirty brick.

“Enough, Dean.”  From the way Sam claps his hands over his ears and winces, a bit of Castiel’s true voice must have bled through.


Control.  Control.


Dean’s staring at Castiel, no longer struggling against Castiel’s power.  “Please, Cas,” he whispers, cockiness suddenly dissipated.  “She’s just a kid.”

Angelic vessels do not tire, nor do the angels within them.  But a sudden weariness racks Castiel’s Grace, hits her with waves of draining fatigue till all she wants is to return to the Garden, to the peaceful, emotionless tranquillity of Heaven.  “I shall endeavour to find another vessel to hold me,” Castiel finally murmurs, child’s voice barely a wisp of noise in the suddenly quiet room.  “But Claire will hold me till then.”

An echo, please no, please, it hurts, but Castiel silences it with a flicker of thought as she brushes past Sam.

“Where are you going?”

Sam asks quietly.  Castiel doesn’t bother to turn as she responds.  “To do Heaven’s work.  Not yours.”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

It’s all a flicker of hazy images and memories – like blurred photographs and badly-recorded videos of teenage birthdays – till Dean wakes Castiel up with two hands on her shoulder, trying to shake her till he realises she’s an angel, not a child, and turns away in disgust.

And no, that isn’t true.  Castiel is an angel of the Lord, a creature of the light.  She remembers everything with unrelenting clarity, till something unfamiliar and frightening in her aches with a pain Claire tentatively associates with nausea.

There’s Zachariah gloating as Sam goes crazy, intoxicated by the blood that the demon forces him to crave.

There’s Castiel and the smile, as warm as she can make it but touched by sadness all the same, as she opens the door and lets Sam out.

And then there’s Dean’s rage, palpable and burning (though slightly tempered with confusion whenever he looks in her direction.)

It’s (not) a flicker of hazy images and clear-cut memory till Castiel catches the suddenly sharpening intent in Dean’s mind to strike out at Castiel’s (Claire’s – no, she’s just a child, fricking meatsuit or not goddamnit) face.

That, more than the feeling of warm human skin against her bare shoulders, draws Castiel back into the realisation that this is happening.

That Dean has his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, is stooped over to meet her eyes with a desperately burning rage – and something else, a sort of despairing curiosity, as though he’s looking for something.


Please tell me you’re in there, Cas, c’mon dude, please-


Castiel vanishes in a panicked flutter of wings.  But Dean’s words linger on, teasing at her, and maybe they’re the reason that she ends up on a vast, wide beach on the north-east coast of Australia.  It’s twilight here, and heading into autumn, so the beach is largely deserted, and too dim for any of the humans on the beach to detect her.  Nevertheless, she draws the coat she’s wearing tighter around her –

-And realises for the first time that this is Jimmy Novak’s trenchcoat that she’s wearing, too large and trailing to the ground but somehow still clean.