blood.

Anyway, she’s sort of off-topic so apparently there’s a thing going on between humans and zombies.

Ara doesn’t sound particularly happy about that, but Alyce isn’t sure whether that’s because she’s going to feel worse about slaughtering tons of them a day (Ara sounds sort of normal on the phone but she’s talked to Raine and Lia and apparently she’s anything but normal) or if it’s because Alice down in Antarctica didn’t tell her about the whole thing.

As far as Alyce knows, the deal works something along the lines of splitting the world in half.  Or ¾ or whatever works.  As far as deals go, she supposes it works.  It’s sort of depressing to realise that she wouldn’t ever be able to see those of her friends who didn’t get turned but then again, she has no idea who’s alive and who isn’t so it’s not too much of a loss.  She knows the cricket lover's somewhere in Germany, but everyone else was in either Australia or somewhere warm (i.e. zombie-fied) when the whole thing went down.

 

~

It’s a complete accident when she hears, day of cricket lover's birthday that they now use as a way to mourn the dead, mourn themselves, and watch Star Wars on repeat till they fall asleep.

She totally doesn’t mean to; she’s making a pit stop at one of the convenience stores that’s reopened for Oreos so she can make that cake she made once before for a Star Wars marathon too many years before.

“…And you don’t think that’s too bold?”

Alyce doesn’t know what makes her duck around the corner when she hears that voice.  Maybe it’s the fact that it’s cold, passionless, sort of like Palpatine but more boring, and therefore somehow much more evil.

A laugh, fake and humourless.  “Why does it matter? We know they’re planning on betraying the agreement, after all; we need to make the first move, and if that involves eradicating the last of the human presence” – he spits the word human as though he never was one – “then we will do it.”

Blue Mountains, Alyce thinks, and then shit.

 

~

She doesn’t understand why, but all she knows is that it’s happening.  That the unturned are going to trust and trust and then before they have time to swallow the betrayal they’ll be dead.

Like the Jedi children but not as fictional,

~

 

The phone rings five times and then goes to voicemail, with the same annoying chick that she swears every single phone company used for the same recording.  “Hey, um, this is Alyce-“ Alyce begins, only to be cut off by a loud beep.

“Your voice message is being transcribed and will be sent as a message.  Have a good day.”

Damn it.

Sighing, she scrolls aimlessly through her contacts, not really seeing any of the names – she tried, after all, that’s all she had to do, she can’t feel guilty now…

A name leaps out at her, glaring and obvious, like it’s suddenly branded into her brain or something.

Lia.

Ara’s friend in the Netherlands, she thinks.  The one with the satellite phone, whose number Alice gave her in case of emergencies, whatever that means.

Alyce doesn’t have to.  She knows she doesn’t have to; fricking hell, she’s not even human anymore, it’s not like she owes them, she tried to call Fio and nothing happened-

All it takes for evil to happen is for good men to do nothing.

“Gaaaah.”

It’s probably the whole zombie thing that leaves her empty hand trembling by her side as she presses Call, green and innocent when it should be red and flashing with Do Not Touch.


Ring.



Ring.



Ring.



Ring.



Ring.



Rin-


“Heello?  It’s Lia.” 

The voice is breathless, like the other person had to run to make the phone.  Alyce wonders idly in the midst of painful, knotting terror, whether that might have been better for everyone her.


And was it the whole zombie thing that made her this selfish, or was she always like this?


“Hello?”

She can just hang up.  She doesn’t have to do

 I have to tell you something, and it’s important,” Alyce’s mouth says.  Well, there goes that.

“Sorry, um, who is this?” 

“Alyce.  I’m one of Ara’s friends?”

“Ohh…the…”

She rolls her eyes.  “Yeah, the zombie.”

“Lia?  Who is it?”  It’s a guy’s voice, a guy who sounds vaguely familiar.  Her first thought is Loki, Avengers, hahaha, and then oh yeah, Fio said…and then eww, so that’s why she was