to feel Link inside of him anyways. Ever since the thought had occurred to him, his lower slit had been eager to be filled and throbbed at the thought of getting just that. Link looked just as eager, squirming to slide down and of course he would drag as much as of himself against Sidon’s cocks as possible just to hear him whine.

Being lifted up by a shuddering jerk of hips as if he weighed nothing was nice. Very nice. Link filed that away for later as Sidon scooted back till his back was propped up against a mound of pillows. Not quite sitting up but enough that he could see without craning his neck. Enough to reach down and show where his lower slit was already slick and slightly puffy. Enough to watch as Link rubbed his thumb over it a few times before bringing his thumb to his mouth to taste while shooting Sidon a knowing smirk. 

Kneeling between Sidon’s legs, Link was reminded sharply just how much bigger he was. It was thrilling, having all this strong, large, handsome Prince under him. Link was aware that he was short, even for a Hylian and Sidon? Sidon was big for a Zora, nearly twice his size and all spread out under him willingly. ‘Bet I can fit my whole hand in here’ He signed at the Prince, just to watch his slit clench as Sidon’s breath stuttered. “Link..” His voice was strained, a wheeze choked out through a harsh swallow. He liked this, this power over Sidon. 

With most of the heat gone, that left him with enough time to indulge himself. Bending down, he pressed soft sucking kisses against Sidon’s white stomach. Tongue leading the way down to twin dicks, two dicks, before he rubbed his cheek against one. Did all Zora have two? Or only some? Maybe only the royal line? Maybe only Sidon? He wasn’t sure but oh he was going to try and take them when they had to the time to prepare for it. Right now however, he was more interested in what lay below. 

Unoticable normally, the slit was puffy and slick now and felt so warm when he stroked his thumb around it without quite touching. Sidon’s hips shuddered and twitched as he tried not to move, to press against Link’s hand wantonly. This was for Link after all but oh! Oh he could not help the low hum of pleasure when Link pressed his palm over it and rubbed just enough to make him clench. That was nothing compared to the slick feel of a tongue giving a testing push before licking its way between sensitive folds. Sidon did not even bother to muffle his moans, thighs pressing against Link’s shoulders briefly before he made himself spread them again before he risked hurting him. He was so sensitive, how long had it been since anyone besides himself had touched there? He could not recall, a long time then. “Please...My dear Link, I cannot.!” he gasped, sharp teeth gritted slightly before he relaxed with a sigh when Link pulled back with a grin. ‘I’ll save the hand idea for later’ 

At first it was a matter of figuring out how to angle themselves, Sidon being so much bigger then Link. Eventually, they settled on Sidon mostly sitting up with Link kneeling between his legs to slowly press inside. This mean Sidon could wrap his arms and legs around him, clutching him close as Link rocked into delicious slickness. 

Babbling, he was babbling. A part of Sidon knew this but the rest was focused solely on how good it felt,  how perfect and right Link felt tucked up against him, surrounded by him. He could tell that Link was trying to keep a rhythm for him but would lose it sometimes, devolving into sharp little bucks before catching himself. Knowing he was doing that, causing Link to lose control was a heady thing. He wanted more. “Darling...my sweet perfect Link..gnn..have I told you how good you feel? How much I wanted you? Hoooh...how I yearned f-for your touch?” he gasped into sweaty blonde hair, eyes unfocused “B..because I do! So..so much! So very much!” 

Bless those conchs, best meal ever. He’d go through the burning ache a thousand times over it meant he could have this. Enveloped by arms and legs and slick tightness that clenched around him just right. He didn’t have to worry about being to small if Sidon’s stream of delighted cries was anything to go by. The twin cocks he would take eventually pressed against his stomach, dripping into quite the mess. He hoped Sidon was close because he could not resist for much longer and could not sign to him but he couldn’t just leave him hanging! 

Tilting his head up, he panted against Sidon’s chin before nudging against him for a kiss. It was messy, uncoordinated and he caught his lip against a tooth for just a moment. Barely a nick and he did not even feel it but Sidon did. He could taste it, taste Link and