saw an opening and lunged, blade whistling through the air as he got past Volga’s reach. The strike would have his his shoulder if it were not for the massive claw that suddenly caught his blade and Link barely got his shield up in time to block the spear though his arm throbbed slightly.

They froze, eyes locked as they both realized they were at a bit of an impasse. Link’s sword was caught fast, a faint trickle of blood sliding down the metal but Volga could not let go to use his much closer ranged claw. The angle of his spear was no good either, but if he backed up  then it put himself off balance for the split second Link would need to free his sword.

Blue met green, neither moving for seconds that seemed to stretch between them, a yawning space that panting breaths and the creak of armor filled. This close and Link could feel the heat that seemed to radiate from the dragon knight, doing nothing to stop the beads of sweat that trickled down the sides of his  face and he could see that Volga was no better.

In the end, who could say who moved first but to call it a kiss would be a disservice. It was teeth and tongue and the metallic tang of blood from lips caught between teeth. Volga was the first to drop his guard, spear clanging to the stones to free his hand to fist in the iconic green tunic to yank the shorter male closer. The shield followed soon after, a bit harder to drop then simply opening his hand but it was left behind as Volga backed him towards a fallen wall. 

Claw vanished at the same time the sword was dropped, instantly forgotten in favor of pressing close despite all the armor preventing any ability to feel anything. 

Volga’s kiss was hot, both in actual temperature and in the way it made his body react and it didn’t take a dragons senses to tell Volga wasn’t fairing any better. Not if the low vibrations that Link had realized was growling was any indication.

No time, they had no time. Who knew how long they had been fighting? It could have been minutes, or long enough that someone would come looking  for them. With that thought in mind, it was a quick fumble of who and where and how before Link solved it by turned and bracing himself with a forearm on the rubble, free hand fumbling to free himself off his pants. It felt like a flame pressed along his back and he was sure the skin on the back of his neck was turning pink from the puffs of Volga’s breath but that was swiftly forgotten when claws dragged over his hips to shove everything down to his thighs. he was sure he’d been nicked,  blood trickling down his skin but he relished the prick of pain as he sank his teeth into his glove, yank it off and hear it fall with a slap below him. 

Volga’s armor was a bit trickier but it gave Link time to slick his fingers with spit and reach back behind himself. It wasn’t much, not much at all and nowhere near enough. he’d feel it later, when the adrenaline had worn off and the pain returned but he doubted he would regret it. There was a shuffle and then the sound of spitting before Link jumped at the feel of it against his ass but he didn’t stop. There was no time, no time and this was not the place and both were aware, neither cared nor stopped.

Not when gloved claws pricked at the skin of Link’s hip to pull  them back as the Hero bent at the waist and braced himself on the stone. Not when a thick cock, hot so hot like an ember and it hurt but it hurt so good, pressed against his spit slicked entrance before Link stuffed his other glove into his mouth to muffle the grunt of pain. 

Too soon, a hand gripped the back of Link’s collar to drag him back onto his cock and too soon because surely he would tear, the spit and slick from the dragon knights cock wasn’t enough but if he did? It wasn’t noticed.

Not when the world narrowed  down to moments, slivers of time and things that would become memories to be savored where there was was time for it.

Tight so tight hot by the Light how was it so hot impossibly so and just right more arch and squirmspeared and split apart his all his none could challenge his claim so deep none had pressed so deep it should hurt surely there was blood it hurt so good so good take him keep him damn the witch another time and place and things could be so different not going to last can’t last too soon too soon smells so good so very good finally finally harder harder bruising must be bruising  leave marks so he’d not forget couldn't deny it happened cumming cumming don’t stop can’t stop please please just right soperfectmineyesyesYES

Deep growls and the sound of slapping flesh mixed with low grunts and ragged moans. Bare hand on his cock and would that he had the time, time to savor the stretch and burn and if only