getting drinks? That's what business men did after all. They spent a lot of money and showed clients a good time, at least in movies they did. Heading out, he spotted most of the group still at the stage but he did not spot the one he wanted. Turning slow circles, the voice right behind him nearly scared him into going ghost, he jumped so high.

 

“Looking for someone?”

 

He knew that voice, even without ever hearing it. He just knew it belonged to that older man, it FIT. Turning, Danny found himself flashing a slow grin, hands tucking into his back pockets in a way that he knew made the shirt ride up and felt gratified to watch those eyes flick down to the stretch of pale skin. It was just a split second, then they were back locked onto his but oh the flash of heat it caused was delicious.

 

“I might be.” he replied, aiming for coy but it came out just a bit breathy and licking his lips didn't help when the man watched his tongue like a hawk. How did you mention that you think someone stuffed too much money down your pants? Crap! He hadn't thought this far ahead! Panicking, he went with option two. “Care for a dance?” It wasn't the best offer and he struggled to hold back the wince though he was sure he failed by the slowly raised eyebrow it earned him. He wanted to kick himself, he was better then that! Not some brand new idiot that never touched a pole before! Opening his mouth to..do what? Apologize? Beat a hasty retreat? He wasn't sure before he was cut off.

“I want twenty minutes.”

 

Twenty? He could do that, hell yeah. Swallowing down the words he was about to say, he replaced them with. “This a gift or do I get you all to myself?” Much better! Mentally patting himself on the back with that recovery, he flashed a wide grin at the glint in the man's eyes. “Room five, you want a drink handsome?” Words he'd used before but he'd never meant them as much as he did right now. There was just something about that...flash of hunger in his eyes. Backed with that steel straight posture and general 'I'm above you attitude' that made Danny want to do two things. Mock his stupid shiny shoes and then suck his dick. It was a really fucking odd combination but the 'rum and coke' was easy enough to manage. He just hoped it wasn't about to be dumped on him. That had sucked last time. A lot.

 

Entering the room with the drink, he grinned slowly at the man sitting in the chair. The very handsome silver fox he wanted to climb like a tree. “Ohh I DO get you all to myself.” He said happily, sauntering in and offering the drink with a wink. “Lucky me.” Heading towards the small music player off to the side, he started to fiddle with it while swaying his hips. Taking a deep breath, he focused on the jingle of ice in the glass before getting up the nerve. “You're a generous man, not often I get tipped so well” he said, turning around to flash him a sweet smile as he music started and he sashayed towards him. “Especially not by someone like you.” Licking his lips, he stood with a leg on either side of his clients knees, hands sliding up his chest slowly. “Hands to yourself, keep them on the chair. You touch me, and it's over. Sorry, don't make the rules.” He wouldn't mind those hands over him. Ugh he needed to get laid if he was thinking like that so much. Especially about some business man who was probably married already. Well a boy could dream.

 

“Am I allowed to talk?”

 

Danny looked surprised at that before laughing, hands on his shoulders. “Oh please do.” He replied, humming under his breath as his palms slid down his chest. Silk top maybe? It felt really good under his fingers at any rate, good enough he almost missed his client's next words.

 

“Good, I have an offer for you.”

 

An offer? Oh of course, probably one of those 'I have a wife but' offers. Those were always entertaining though he'd never gotten one himself! Normally it was the girls that had men thinking they could just order up a night. “Lay it on me, I'm all yours. For the next twenty minutes at least.” He said with a chuckle, trying to cover up how breathless he felt. He wouldn't normally mention the time, it was sort of a no-no in the room but the glint his eyes had taken on 'all yours' had made his stomach swoop. Listening wouldn't hurt, right? Besides, he had the best fucking voice. What could go wrong with listening to it while rubbing up on him