her. They could both Handle a level E-every vampire could basically handle a level E. They both stood up and Fula growled. "He ruined my outfit." She said. Kain just looked at her a little amazed. He looked at the Level E- a man who was covered-no, Soaking- in blood. His eyes were full of lust, not for sex. But for blood. "So this is who caused this mess.." Kain said as the Level E laughed. "More more more!" He sang. Kain Was disgusted at the Level E. His hands Were filled with Fire and he said "you make me sick." He didn't sense any one else around. Good, he didn't have to deal with Wiping Human memories. "Ruka stand back." He said. Ruka stood back as Kain flew some fire at the Level E,who kept dodging. Kain Growled as Ruka Decided to step in. "Over here!" She yelled. The monster looked at her,Then level E dove at her and Kain yelled "No!" He reached for Her as the Level E hands went though her. She screamed as The monster dove right though her. Kain Yelled in anger and He let loose a power he didn't know he had: he shot So much fire at the monster that at once The Level E was evaporated. Kain Fell to his knees and said "Ruka..." then he felt a hand on his shoulders. "Kain-did you forget I can make illusions?" Ruka asked. Kain looked at her and Wiped away the tears he didn't even notice he was shedding. "Y-yeah." He said,standing up. He smiled at Ruka right before he felt a pain in his stomach. "Huh...?" He said looking down, he didn't notice the blood dripping out his mouth. He didn't notice The fear in Ruka wide eyes. But what he did notice was the pair of hands jutting out of his stomach. "Wha...?" He asked and then collapsed. "Kain!" Ruka Yelled. "I'm f-fine." Kain said and Struggled to get up. He saw more vampires-ten at least. How did he not notice them?!! When he got up He said "I'm...fine Ruka." Ruka looked at him and smiled. "Good! Your not allowed to die on me Kain! You hear that?" She said. Kain smiled back and wiped his mouth. "Yes...Ruka." He said as Both of them started to fight the vampires-Kain kept taking all the hits. He didn't want Ruka to get hurt at all. Finally all the vampires were dead-long gone. "Adios suckers" Kain thought. "Pardon the...pun..." he added in his head as He slowly sunk to the ground. "Kain?!?" Ruka asked crouching next to him. He looked at her and Lifted a hand to her cheek. "Your...your beautiful..." he said. He saw Ruka was crying. "H-hey...don't...don't cry." He said. "You can't die! Your fine!" Ruka said, hitting his chest. Kain coughed and Looked into her eyes, he decided he had to do this. Using what strength he had he grabbed her and kissed her on the lips. Both of them were crying. Kain didn't get to see what happened next-his eyes closed and his breathing stopped. But before he could fully Vanish he said "I love you Ruka..." then everything went dark

Ruka was screaming, She was screaming so loud that People came over to see what happened. She was Holding her Knees to her chest and sobbing. She didn't even know it but She loved Kain-and know he was gone. Kain...was gone. Ruka kept crying and yelled "go away!" She didn't even care if she was rude."Just get away!" In the end Kaname had to come get her, She didn't know how he knew where she was. Some one must had called the school. It was a sad thing really...The one person she thought she loved was the one who came and got her. Not the man She really did love. Kaname Put her to sleep and Watched over her slumbering body. When she awoke She had to tell the story-had to relive what happened. During it Aido cried. Kaname did cry to. But not Ruka-she didn't want to appear weak. She didn't want pity. She didn't want any one to Pity her. At the funeral She had to deal with more crying. She slowly walked up to The coffin That would Have held Her lover and she broke down. Right there and Then. She just collapsed and she sobbed. She Hit the coffin. "Your stupid! You could have Lived if you weren't so damn stupid!" She screamed. Everyone looked at the Vampire who was clad in black but she didn't care. Her lover was gone. She