quiet on the ship. 

"Fine.'' Cartman said, his greed winning over sense. Kenny smiled and the game began, Each was playing for a life. Each was aiming to win

okay guys! chapter two! So i'm planning on updating every week- HAHAHAHAHA- so this fan fic was inspired by the amazing Kenny Chan, legit my best friend ever On the internet. They helped me get this idea so thank you Kenny. I also want to say this: I know nothing about card games so I made one up. thank you

It was quiet as the game went on, All was quiet besides the sounds of water hitting wood, the shuffling of cards and the breathing of the ship inhabitants. The crew of the ship were cluttered around the wooden table, their eyes switching  from the two captains. Back and forth, Back and forth, back and forth. And the game went on. Some times the two captains would cuss when they picked up cards, sometimes smirking as they picked up the cards. They would look at their cards for a minute then put two down. Back and forth, Back and forth, back and forth.  And so the game went on, it was quiet as they played. The tension was high, The pressure heavy. Both were playing for a life, both playing for their fate. And so the game went on.

Kenny knew he had to win, If he failed not only would the merman die, no doubt die a painful death, But Kenny would have to work for Eric for the rest of his life- being a slave for the cruel pirate. If he won, on the other hand, He would get the merman, and to get the half fish that would mean he could get to the Spring of Youth, and that would mean he could become immortal!  And so the game went on, The pressure was weighing down on the blond, crushing him lower and lower. The only thing that was fueling him to win besides the thought of Being immortal was the thought of having to call Cartman "Captain" for the rest of his life. And that was enough to give even the toughest of Pirates nightmares. AT that moment Kenny only cared about himself, Not the merman, not his crew. But Himself. He wanted- no, he was determined to win. He wanted to become a living being that never died, He wanted to Prove he was a god, Wanted to show everyone who doubted him that they were wrong. And so the game went on, It was so much more of a game- It was destiny. Unknown to Kenny it was fate that Cartman had caught the merman, It was destiny that Kenny would play this game.


A long time ago, before Pirates began to travel across the seas, In a deep deep cave on a land long forgotten there was a tribe. This tribe were Called Jengibre, or gingers. They lived in caves and trees, They're long gone now. Hunted to their deaths. They were peaceful beings, who spoke to the gods themselves. They didn't have paper at the time so they drew their Visions on caves walls.  And so they drew, using paint they made. Long ago They had a vision and it went like this:



A pirate who was clad in orange and hair golden as the sun would find a map,one that would lead to immortality. A Pirate as cruel as death itself would catch a boy of water. The orange clad Pirate and the Cruel Pirate would cross fates on night. They would gamble On the water boy, playing for his life. Only one would win. Only one would lose. The winner got the boy and they at once traveled to the spring of youth. However There, at the place of forever life, There would have-


It was quiet as the game went on, All was quiet on the ship. Fate was being tested, Destiny was being tempted. A life for another, A chance to become Young forever. And so the game went on, This time unlike the other times... For this was a game of life Kenny put down a five, then picked up an Ace. He was sweating softly, The eyes watching him did nothing to calm The Pirate's nerves. He watched Hopelessly as Cartman Put down a five and a ten. It was clear That Kenny was playing a game already won. And so the game went on, back and forth, back and forth. Kenny wiped his forehead with his sleeve and blinked, trying to remain calm. 

"Why did you have to wager your life on a stupid fish! If You lose it's good bye to living forever and hello to washing Eric feet!''  Fear yelled, Kenny at once flinched. Cartman's crew shared a small look but Kenny didn't care. Not one bit But then logic came in and calmly said "Relax, you already have an Ace, three, and six. All you need is another Ace. You can do this if you remain calm.'"  Kenny took a deep breath and nodded. And so he held onto Hope