t notice the Blue haired Girl sneak up behind him. He was to focus on making Gil happy he didn't notice the Two Share another look. What he did notice was The slap on his ass. He jumped and turned around to snap at Uma but before he Could He got thrown over Gil shoulder, One of the reasons He was On Uma crew was because he was so strong. It also helped that Harry basically weighted next to nothing.  "Gil- put me down you bastard!" Harry yelled, Hiting Gil back with a bright red face. All he got for a response was another slap on his ass. He yelped and Stared at Uma, who had a small smile on her face. He could tell he wasn't gonna get put down so he glumy Rested his chin on his hand, and Said "What the hell are you guys doing?" He didn't have the entry to yell at them. "Well Babe-we're gonna cheer you up!" Gil said cheerfully and Harry could only Groan as the Blond headed boy Let Uma lead him to Her room. Harry On the way had dozed off, It was clear to The two Villans Because they could hear him snoring. Gil looked at Uma who said "Well Gil, Im trusting you to Help me Help him." Gil nodded and Said sadly "I wish he wouldn't do this..." Uma nodded as she opened her door. "My mother isn't home today- she's gonna be gone till next week." She explained and Gil nodded. He carefully set the Sleeping Pirate on her bed, Hardy curled up in a little ball and kept sleeping. Uma sat next to him and Dragged Gil down. They both looked at Harry and Then they nodded at each other. "Harry..Wake up." Uma commanded in a Tone that She only had with Harry and Gil. Harry stirred and Said "A couple more minutes." Gil giggled and Kissed Harry. "Come on Babe-wake up." Harry eyes shot open and He said "what?!? Can I not sleep?!?" Uma Looked at him and fixed her hair. "Harry Harry Harry, No need to be So rude." She Mumbled as Gil kissed Harry, who eyed them suspectily, he didn't know exactly what was happening but he could take a geuss. When Gil kissed him Harry rolled over so he was on top on Gil and kissed him pastionly, The both of them were so into it They didn't notice Uma getting up and then said "Now now Gil- you can't let him do all the work. Remember?" Harry Looked at Her with a confused look as His other lover nodded. "Yes Uma!" Gil said and then Uma smiled. "Huh?" Harry asked as Uma slapped Harry ass again,which got the pirate moaning a little. The both of them grinned as Harry went red in the face. Gil Rolled over so he was on top and Kissed Harry neck. His hands started to slowly strip the Pirate. Uma sat down and Watched with a amused look. Harry Let him? He didn't feel like he had enough energy to stop it. But when Gil hands went to his pants He Tensed up and Hissed. Gil looked at him and Took his pants off,leaving him in only his boxers. Gil started to strip to, But only when he got a nod From Uma. Even when Gil was doing all the work Uma was still in charge. Harry couldn't decide to find jr attractive or To controlling. Gil Held Harry arms and Kissed over the bandages then ripped them off easily. Harry Wimpered when he felt Gil lips on his cuts. Gil could fell Uma eyes on them, he could almost hear her say "Put on a good show for Me Gil-Make Harry feel Like he's the most important person there is." And when ever Uma commanded something Gil did what she said. Gil Pulled Harry Up so both men were on their knees and Kissed him, His hands slowly Taking off the Other boy's boxers so he was naked. Gil noticed that Harry was blushing, he could almost laugh. Here he was, being all Shy about his body. They all saw each other naked Before-They all had sex with each other countless times. Then Gil realized something: it didn't matter who it was with, Harry was always top. So maybe Harry for once wanted to Not be in control, forced to beg..forced To Be weak. He found that Image strangely hot-not that he was gonna say that. Gil kissed Harry hard and slipped his tounge into his mouth, his hands Grabbing at The Boyd's hair and tugging at it, getting a moan from the son of Hook. Gil looked over and Uma and thought " Harry's into this Pain? His kink is pain?!?" Uma nodded as she  Leaned back into her chair, watching the show Unfold.

 

/Boom. I'm to lazy to continue at the moment so this is gonna be a multi chapter book (I'm sure at most it would be 3