and heightening the particular fantasy Dirk had running through his head.

 

Dirk, on all fours, wiggled his ass up and down, causing the "handlebars" of the JPEG to stroke up and down his legs, sending a shiver down Dirk's spine.  As Dirk continued, he pondered which toy to use next.  River?  Thematic, yes, but too similiar to One and Two.  Sun?  A classic, to be sure, but a little to plain for Dirk's current mood.  Rice field? Car? Sushi?  Don't make him laugh.  If only... Dirk stared longingly at Woman - how he desperately wished he was up to the challenge (the irony of using such an object was undeniable) - but he knew he just wasn't cut out for it.  Maybe with some more practice, but with that long horizontal line he just wasn't go to get anywhere far with it.  Dirk sighed and grabbed Man - maybe he could claim double reverse irony?  But he really didn't care at that moment about irony, he just needed MORE.

 

Dirk yanked the Mountain out of him, gasping a bit at the sudden sensation of emptiness.  He quickly stuffed the Man inside him - too quickly.  Grunting with pain, he grabbed the two handles now sticking out of his butt, and used them to manuever the square box into a more comfortable position, and tried to relax around its girth.  In about a minute, the pain had ceased, and he started to ride the familiar train higher and higher into pleasure.  Dirk could feel his cock hardening as he slowly but surely started to pummel himself in the ass, both hands still gripping his "tails".  Soon though, he was already bored, and he needed more.  More carefully this time, he eased Man out of him, and with a wicked grin, picked up Small.

 

While Small was indeed not the largest toy in his collection, it had two loosely connected angled rods which he just adored.  He couldn't get enough of the feeling of them slowly but surely widening him out at an angle, preparing him for further pleasures.  Fortunately, the connection between the main rod and the two angled ones was rather strong this time - while no connection appeared on paper, you could always count on extra lines, bumps, squiggles, et cetera with his Bro's camera.  Not to mention the colors and patterns - Dirk had long since stopped paying attention to those, because they sometimes hindered his otherwise profound enjoyment.  After just a few minutes with Small, Dirk was ready for Big.  While similiar in some ways to Woman, Big's horizontal line was somewhat smaller, and there was more length to be enjoyed before reaching that killjoy.  Usually Dirk used Big as a palate cleanser, something smaller to psyche himself up for the final toys.  But today Dirk decided to flip the tables on the irony of using Small as a big toy and Big as a small toy - he was going to take Big all the way.

 

Dirk easily inserted the top length, savoring this painless pleasure for a few seconds, gritted his teeth, and then began to work the rest of the JPEG inside himself.  It took many minutes of straining and self-encouragement, but he finally had half of Big inside him - he couldn't help but feel proud.  But he wasn't done yet.  The tapered tails of Big terminated in points even wider apart than the width of the first half of Big, and he couldn't wait.  But he had not anticipated how hard moving the rest of Big inside him would be, even with half of it in.  The horizontal length did NOT want to go any further, and Dirk eventually had to concede defeat.  As he removed Big, he cried out in pain, and he felt something dripping down the back of his legs, but his erection was now stark and hard as a rock.  Dirk considered Meat, another toy he had long lusted after purely for connotative reasons, but he just couldn't take something so squaroid again, not after Big.

 

Dirk returned to Small as he contemplated what to finish himself off with.  His erection was straining against gravity, and despite the recent pain, pleasure had quickly overwhelmed him, and he knew he was running out of time.  Suddenly, a flash of inspiration hit him, and he grabbed the pen and paper, and scrawled a sigil as best he could, and took a terribly shaky pic.  Dirk almost ceased all activity when he saw the output.  It was... it was... perfect.  The delicious-looking hook was there, but now the three errant droplets had been strung along, connected to the bottom of the hook.  Dirk hastily removed Small, and then, slowly, reverently inserted Heart.

 

The three big pearls slipped inside him, one after another, with the most delicious sensations.  Dirk's head was already swimming, and he was finding it hard to keep his glasses on.  But when he inserted the whole length, save the hook, he couldn't keep from screaming in frenzied pleasure.  He knew he wouldn't