to claim our prize and enter our new world.  The final universe.  The end of the chain.

 

And we did.

 

But it wasn't a new world. Not really.

 

And it definitely wasn't final.  Not if I have anything to say about it.

 

====-====

 

You see, Dave had a good reason to be freaked out about something.  He always did have an uncanny sense of time.  You remember when I told you about how the smallest piece of data could bring down even the most complex of programs?  It turns out that at the moment we slew the Gray Monarch we were 4 days, 13 hours, 6 minutes, and 12 seconds into our session. 

 

I told you we were fast.

 

Some process running in the background of the universe recorded this timecode, and normally that data would have just been stored, for, I dunno, a high-score table? Data analysis?  Are there possibly beings above our realm of comprehension who need user stats, to balance the playing difficulty of the universe or whatever?  I don't even want to think about that.  But instead of taking up space on some pan-dimensional hard drive or being made into the spreadsheet that runs all existences, those particular numbers freaked the system the hell out.  It's no one's fault, really - programs, like ectobiology, are tricky things.  That's what bug testing is all about - you never know what combination of seemingly random and unrelated scenarios and datae will cause an adverse reaction.

 

But for some reason, thinking back on it, I get the strange feeling that maybe this wasn't an accident.  Maybe this wasn't a glitch.  Maybe it was intended.

 

But that really doesn't matter now.

 

 

====-====

 

 

So, that's how I ended up here: Universe i.  As in the square root of negative one.  You know how in old school games like the original Mario, or the first couple Pokemon games, you could glitch yourself into a strange area of the game, made up of random bits of previously used code?  Negative world, or Glitch zone, or whatever?  This is the universe we ended up in.  But here's the thing about those glitchy areas of video games - they only look glitchy if you've actually played the game in its functioning state.  But if the only Pokemon you've ever encountered was Missingno, you'd take it for granted that all Pokemon looked like vaguely phallic blocky shapes.  And for some reason, I'm the only one that remembers that Pokemon actually look like vaguely phallic blocky shapes with giant eyes and some shitty pun as a name.

 

So here I am - every day I have to go out and exist in this society, and I'm the ONLY ONE who sees how fucked up it is.  The moons.  The way streets are laid out.  Her Delirious Conksucksion.  Even indoor plumbing didn't make it through the... the whatever happened to us.  It wasn't a Scratch.  Not really.  And I've long since given up hope that this is a doomed timeline, and relatively soon, all this would vanish.  But it many ways it was a reset of some sort, or more accurately, a rewind.  The kind that messes up your tape.  You know how the places of Ancestors and Younglings switch in the case of a Scratch?  Well, with our, yeah, let's call it a Rewind, we all got switched back to our original factory settings.  No longer Dirk Strider, I am now once again Bro, the faceless automaton.

 

And I am alone.

 

 

====-====

 

 

Well, not truly alone.  Now I have you. 

 

Mmmmmm, you do know how treat a boy right, don't you?

 

Mmmmm...

 

Yesssssssssssss

 

Ahem.  There's plenty more of that where it came from, but I need to finish telling you this.  Where was I?

 

Ah, right, Alone.  Well, we both know that's not strictly true, but, present company excluded, I wish it was.  Do you have any idea how hard it is to see your best friends, your family, and have most of them not remember you at all, and NONE of them remember everything you all had been through?  I've put a lot of thought into why I remember when no one else does.  I've also spent a lot of time wondering if maybe what I "remember" never happened.  Maybe this insanity truly is perfectly normal.  But, no, I must believe that everything I know we went through truly happened - there really is no Alterniative.  Sorry, alternative.  Post-Rewind Dave has this terrible habit of making incredibly shitty puns, and I fear it's been wearing off on me.

 

Anyway, I think I may have figured out why I remember the little I do, when everyone else remebers nothing.  You see, I was the only one who didn't hit God Tier.  We all planned it so we could lie on our Quest Beds, fall peacefully asleep, and be killed instantly and painlessly, so