up with your brother based on our mutual preference in men alone. I do know how to control myself, and it’s not like I’ve even impl‒”

“Alright, alright!” Josh shouted, lifting his hands up. “So don’t make a move then! Fuck, I’m just saying it’s fine if you do, and excuse me for noticing that you were practically drooling back there!”

“I was not,” Troye muttered, trying to sound more bored than petulant.

“I was about to go get a mop.”

“Shut the fuck up.”

A smirk tugged at Josh’s lips, but Troye refused to look at him, instead staring straight ahead as they finally drew close to the diner and, hopefully, the end of the conversation.

“I am, though,” Josh said, the smuggest of smiles playing on his lips as he looked at Troye in a calculating manner. “Okay with it, I mean. As long as you don’t go making it awkward to have you over at our place or start making out with him at the dining room table, go ahead – get some.” He even had the audacity to wink.

Troye just narrowed his eyes, which was the only response he was about to give his friend that he’d even heard him. He stayed silent, and soon enough, Joe had picked up another thread of conversation, distracting Josh from going on about it any further.

But pissed as he might want to look on the outside, Troye kept his face carefully stoic unless he’d give away the tiny butterflies fluttering about in his belly. He bit the inside of his cheek and had to summon every ounce of willpower to stop a stupid grin from spreading on his own lips. All this was, was Josh’s way of saying it he would be fine if anything was ever to happen between Troye and Tyler. It wasn’t even as if Josh was implying that Tyler liked him back. That, Troye still had no way of knowing.

-!!-

That following Friday, the day before the performance, they played the entire set several times, over and over, until Joe complained about not having any skin left on his fingertips. They’d rehearsed a lot in the past three weeks, and Troye had reached the point where he didn’t have to think to remember the lyrics or any of the nuances they’d added to the songs. He felt confident in his ability to make Josh’s music shine as best he could, and agreed with Joe’s reasoning that they were as prepared as they’d ever be.

“If we play much more, we’re gonna get complacent and start making stupid mistakes. This is as good as it gets, Josh.”

Josh sighed and shook out his hands, no doubt tired, too, from giving it his all on the guitar all day. It was getting late and they were all tired. “Fine, I guess you’re right. We have to get up pretty early to get to the gig anyway… Should we call it a night?”

At the nods and murmurs of agreement that followed his question, they started packing up their things in preparation for the trip to the festival the following morning. Troye helped along as best he could, rolling up cables and such, but kept mostly out of the way when Josh and Joe started bickering about what needed to be brought along with them or not.

Looking away from where Josh was arguing that they needed extra cables just in case, he watched Tyler give him a long look before sitting down heavily in the sofa. Tyler inclined his head toward his little brother, rolling his eyes in way of commenting about how he was going on about the stupid cables and aiming a companionable smile at Troye right after. Troye giggled under his breath and felt his cheeks heat up when he watched Tyler’s expression soften and melt into a smile that was barely there, but focused on him, just like the undivided interest dancing in his eyes.

Letting his mind drift under the spell of Tyler’s gaze, Troye wasn’t really aware as his eyes began to wander slowly down Tyler’s strong body. There was this idea that he had, this notion or prejudice perhaps – that stockier, thicker guys tended to be… well, stocky and thick everywhere.

With a flutter in his chest and a tightening the pits of his stomach, Troye let his gaze drop even further, until it reached the zipper of Tyler’s dark jeans. It probably would have remained there, if it wasn’t for the sudden appearance of a thumb slowly tracing the outline of a nice looking bulge. 

Gasping silently, Troye snapped his eyes back up, jolted back to awareness and blushing furiously when he caught Tyler’s gaze and the smirk that accompanied it. The blond was casually leaning back into the couch, one arm draped over the armrest and the other resting in his lap, making the movement of his finger appear a lazy, unconscious gesture. 

But even as his heartbeat was so fast and strong that he could feel