reached tense shoulders, Tyler slowly stroked down over Troye’s shoulder blades and back, his fingers spread wide to encompass as much surface as possible in one touch.

Reaching the lower parts of Troye’s back, Tyler leaned in and tilted his head to whisper in Troye’s ear. “As if you never think about me…”

Troye’s cheek brushed against Tyler’s as he shook his head in denial, but Tyler wasn’t discouraged. He had known Troye for a long time; long enough to know that when he didn’t say ‘yes’ or ‘no’, but merely nodded his head, he was lying. Therefore, Tyler smiled and leaned in closer to nuzzle the delicate shell of that same ear.

“I don’t believe you,” he continued in a husky tone, not entirely sure when his original intentions with approaching Troye had become this twisted sort of seduction. It hadn’t been a conscious decision, but it wasn’t one he regretted, especially not when he could feel Troye’s breath hitch where their chests were now gently pressed together.

“But really, what is it about him that’s so special? Did he win you over with poetry and tell you you’re beautiful?”

Even if it was a subtle change, the stiffening of Troye’s back was immediate. Tyler could have slapped himself and he scrunched his eyes together, glad Troye couldn’t see his face. They were making progress, for fucks sake! Troye had been slowly relaxing, if a bit reluctantly, and Tyler was actually getting somewhere! It was simply impossible to do anything the easy way, wasn’t it?

But Tyler couldn’t help it. These were questions that had haunted him ever since he’d learned about Troye’s new relationship so soon after the issues in theirs had started to break them apart. Leaving them unanswered now would probably end up driving him insane.

And since Tyler had probably ruined his chances and was in a particularly destructive mood anyway, he went on, almost hissing through his teeth as he curled his fingers into Troye’s flesh. “Or maybe his charms lie elsewhere, hm? Does he beg for you to let him touch you? Does he fall to his knees and tell you he loves you? Does he wipe his mouth and say ‘thank you’ like a good little boy?”

He felt more than heard the shocked gasp of his name leaving the now rigid man in his arms, but he couldn’t stop. He just kept going, focusing on his own racing heartbeat. “You probably enjoy it too; having someone to worship you and put you on a pedestal of unobtainable admira-”

“Stop it!” Troye interrupted and lifted his head to glare at Tyler with what was meant to be anger, but Tyler could see a flare of uncertainty behind it. Hands pressed firmly against his chest to hold him back yet weren’t putting enough pressure behind it to really push him away. “Stop talking about him that way! If you so desperately have to know, then know that he thinks of me as someone who completes him, someone who makes him whole. I wouldn’t expect you to know what that’s like.”

“And you fall for it?” Tyler retorted without missing a beat, ignoring the weak insult. “I must say I’m disappointed, Troye. Remember how you used to agree with me that you shouldn’t be searching for your ‘other half’, since that means you were never a whole person to begin with?”

Troye looked away, focusing somewhere over Tyler’s shoulder and putting obvious effort into appearing unaffected. “You can think whatever you want; I know what I have is good.”

“Right.” Tyler nodded and inched his hands a bit lower on Troye’s back until he lifted them under the hem of the thin jersey, coming to rest on the waistline of his jeans. He stroked his thumbs up over warm skin, feeling Troye shiver again. “Yet here you are.”

Blue eyes snapped back to his and Tyler held them silently, letting Troye’s mind settle around the significance of what he was pointing out. It wasn’t lost on him that Troye was still holding on to his neck, and a tiny little twitch in his fingertips - a minute tightening of their grip - told him that Troye had just realized it too. Troye’s eyes widened just a fraction and, wanting to keep him from bolting, Tyler quickly tightened his arms around Troye’s body and pulled him closer, leaning forward to rest his chin on a tense shoulder.

Closing his eyes, Tyler chanted ‘Please, don’t leave’ over and over silently in his own head. He kept still, trying to stop himself from breathing too rapidly in case he disturbed the fragile moment, or startled Troye any further. This restraint, this forced calmness… it reminded him of holding a small, frightened bird in his hand – firmly enough so that it wouldn’t try to escape and hurt itself, but not so tight that you smothered