…”

When Troye opened his eyes to give him a withering look, it was met by a wink and Tyler’s most disarming smirk. “Don’t look at me like that,” he said and pecked Troye’s pouting bottom lip. “You know you love it.”

Troye scoffed and pushed at Tyler’s shoulders half-heartedly, but stilled when Tyler gave him another, firmer kiss.

“I’ll let you get away with that one,” Troye muttered as they pulled apart, only partly joking, “but only because I still feel bad.”

“No need to; it’s practically forgotten already.” Tyler’s smile had gone from teasing to reassuring, and his hands slipped down Troye’s chest to wrap around his waist instead.

Sniffing gently, Troye gave a sheepish smile in return and was about to tell Tyler how much he loved him for being so unbelievably forgiving, when a whine rose from the vicinity of their feet. Troye looked down past his arms where they were lifted around Tyler’s neck, having almost all but forgotten about the puppy that they were now apparently the proud caretakers of. In his peripheral vision, he saw Tyler follow his gaze.

“You think we can do this?” Tyler asked, sounding a bit uncertain.

Troye felt his smile widen on instinct at the way the puppy tilted her head in interest at the sudden attention she was gaining, one of her floppy ears having gotten stuck where it had flipped back over her head.

“You know, I really think we can,” Troye answered with a calm that took him by surprise after how close he’d come to a nervous breakdown earlier. “See, there’s still this thing I need to talk to you about - it’s the whole reason why I’m home early.”

Tyler looked up at him again. “Which is..?”

Troye drew a deep breath, trying to think of the best way to tell his boyfriend that, despite all the fuzz he’d made, he suddenly wasn’t so opposed to the idea of starting a family after all.

“I’ve been doing a lot of thinking,” he began. “Almost enough to drive me mad, as I’m sure you can tell.” He sniffled again and gave a crooked little smile at the way he’d recently been bawling his eyes out. Tyler smiled softly, though his expression was still one of sympathy over Troye’s earlier anguish. “What I’ve been thinking about is what happened during and after that time at Caspar’s… You know which one I’m talking about.”

At Tyler’s nod, he went on, “While the thought of having kids did scare the living shit out of me, it also forced me to consider it, you know? Sort of like, once it was out there, it just wouldn’t leave me be... And I think I know why that is.”

He paused, feeling a lump form in his throat at the prospect of saying it out loud since he’d figured everything out so recently. It gave him butterflies to think about it in this new perspective, and it probably would for a while – providing that Tyler wanted the same thing.

“And why’s that?” Tyler murmured.

Troye closed his eyes, not managing more than a whisper in return. “I think I might have changed my mind.”

There was a pause before Tyler responded, “Might have?”

Troye could hear the smile in his voice, and opened his eyes, fixing Tyler with a steady gaze.

“No, I have. I’ve changed my mind.”

Tyler’s smile grew along with that same sparkle which Troye had seen in his eyes for the first time that fateful afternoon. He released a breathy laugh while seeing comprehension slowly spread over his features.

“So, what you’re saying is… you want to start a family?” 

Troye nodded. “I mean, yeah, I guess I am saying that.”

“Like, for us to have a child?” Tyler asked, his voice a bit breathless, and Troye repeated his nod. “Together?”

Even though the moment was sort of monumental, and certainly brought a whole new aspect to their relationship, Troye laughed again, letting it carry louder and more carefree this time. His heart felt fit to burst with the sudden onset of elation in the wake of his earlier distress. It was without a doubt the brightest, happiest moment in his life, and to see that happiness reflected in Tyler’s eyes brought fresh tears to his own, this time of the joyous kind.

“Yes, Tilly,” he giggled, leaning in to peck Tyler’s lips in between his words. “Us. A child. Together.”

Tyler’s arms around his waist tightened considerably, and he gave a low, rumbling purr before he captured Troye’s lips in a proper kiss, this one turning out longer and decidedly more heated than Troye had originally expected, who was caught mid-giggle at Tyler’s antics. He flushed as a very persistent