do it for her, but either way, the effect was enchanting. Kyouya felt the slight longing in his heart, while he knew Tamaki was quite possibly shattered. They'd all had a thing for Haruhi at one point, but there was one of her and six of them. She'd made her choice and it did no good dwelling on it.

            Tamaki collected himself rather well before gliding over to greet them. He gave Haruhi an overenthusiastic hug and shook Hikaru's hand vigorously before also giving him a hug. Once he'd said hello, the couple moved away from the door and Tamaki greeted the next couple with just as much gusto.

            Kyouya was able to pick out the red head, and his heart sank slightly. She would be with him. And sure enough, as Tamaki moved you came into view on the arm of Kaoru, looking more beautiful than ever. He wondered who had designed your dress, you or Kaoru, as you walked away.

            There were reasons he'd stopped keeping in touch with that member of the host club. While he tried to convince himself it was because someone in fashion could never be of use to him, he knew it was partly because Kaoru had stolen you away. He noted no engagement ring on your finger as you laughed at something Tamaki said before the blond kissed both of your cheeks in farewell and scurried off to socialize with other people.

            The angry, possessive beast Kyouya had thought he'd quashed reared it's ugly head as he followed your movements with his eyes. It urged him to take you back first chance he got. You'd been his light that last year of high school, and he wanted it back.

 


            "Her mother is that famous American lawyer and her father is a very accomplished brain surgeon here in Japan. I want you to become friends with her so that, should I need a favor from her father, you can help me to get it," his father told him, handing over a slim manila envelope.



            Kyouya opened it and studied the file. You were two years his junior, having just moved up to the senior high school wing when school started in the fall. He shut it and nodded to his father with determination.



            "It's done."


 

            By the time you were finally alone, Kyouya had been rooted to the same spot for a good hour. He'd talked briefly to a couple people, but otherwise he'd just watched as you clung to Kaoru while he socialized. Being two years younger, you didn't know many of the people there, except for members of the host club. Even though Mori and Hunni had graduated before you'd entered high school, you'd met them during your time with Kyouya, and it was talking to them that had ultimately left you alone.

            "____," Kyouya said as he approached. You bristled at the sound of his voice and turned to look at him, plastering a fake smile on your face.

            "Kyouya. It's nice to see you well," you replied, frantically scanning the room for somebody to come to your rescue.


 



            "I'm Ohtori Kyouya. It's a pleasure to meet you," he said, giving his warmest smile and extending a hand to you. Your face turned pink as you shook his hand and nervously gave him your name.



            "That's a beautiful name. Are you lost?" Kyouya's luck was with him; you'd walked into a Host Club meeting the day after his father had given him the assignment.



            "V-very. I was looking for the library."



            "Let me show you where it is," he replied, offering his arm to you. You took it and followed him. Kyouya's act was working like a charm as he led you to the library and told you if you needed anything to just ask.



 


            "How is school?" he asked, trying desperately to make conversation.

            "It's good. After Tamaki went to France to finish his degree and you guys all moved back to Japan, Kaoru moved up to New York. He contacted me about a summer internship for Yuzuha, his mother. After that, she'd paid for my schooling."

            Kyouya nodded.

            "It must have been a dark time, three years ago. Kaoru told me that Tamaki's grandmother made him return to France, and once he'd left, Haruhi chose Hikaru and the rest of you slowly came back to Japan."

            The man nodded again, preferring to forget how their joint excursion to America to follow Haruhi had fallen to pieces. After graduating in May, Haruhi and Hikaru had been married and returned to Japan. Only further proving that it had been a disastrous idea to begin with. Getting back into his father's good graces had been one of the most difficult things Kyouya had ever done.

            "So, how are you?"


 



            "How are you," you paused and flushed before looking up at him and grinning, "Kyouya-kun?"



            "I could not be more fantastic," Kyouya replied, smiling warmly at you.