all his life.

~*~

When the sun is standing high above them, warming their skin to the point of sweating, they decide to go for a swim, anchoring the Avalon in a hidden nook of a bay. It has calmer waters and steep cliffs that shelter them from the wind as well as keep anyone but the most adventurous strollers from approaching its beach.

Arthur pulls his shirt over his head, toes off his shoes and starts to wriggle out of his trousers when he catches Merlin looking. He seems to be staring at Arthur's chest and the tips of his ears are bright red again. Arthur grins. If there's one thing he feels confident about, it's his body; he's strong with lean muscles form work and sailing, tanned from being out on the water every day. So he gives Merlin a challenging look, raising his eyebrows with a hint of mocking, as if to say 'see something you like?'.

Merlin blinks, almost taken aback, and then blushes even brighter.

Arthur chuckles. ''What's up, Merlin? Aren't you going to get out of your clothes? Don't tell me you're shy.''

Merlin glares at him, but then stands up, feet planted securely apart, and starts to unbutton his shirt, all the while looking at Arthur with the same challenge in his eyes. It's Arthur turn to blush a little. Merlin is leaner than Arthur but still well-muscled. His shoulders are broad and his stomach is flat and there's more hair on his chest than Arthur would have thought, but somehow it's an intriguing contrast with Merlin's pale skin. His long limbs make him look graceful – at least until he starts trying to get out of his trousers and nearly falls over board in the process.

Arthur catches him just in time, his fingers wrapping around Merlin's forearm, and once more Merlin catches his balance by holding on to Arthur. Only this time Merlin's hand presses against the naked skin of Arthur's chest and all Arthur can think is that Merlin must surely feel how quickly his heart is beating.

''Wow Merlin, really smooth. Were you born this clumsy or do you work at it?'' Arthur asks, and then winces when Merlin stares at him wide-eyed. This probably sounded far more rude than he intended to.

''I'm sorry,'' Arthur says, smiling sheepishly. ''I-...''

''Become a prat whenever there might be something like a pesky emotion on the horizon?''

Arthur blinks.

Merlin grins.

Arthur cocks his head and narrows his eyes.

Merlin raises his eyebrows, looking innocent.

Arthur shakes his head, takes a step back and shoves Merlin over board.

Merlin makes a squeaking sound and then hits the water with a splash. He breaks the surface a moment later, spluttering and scowling up at a grinning Arthur while wiping water from his eyes.

''You're a dollop head!'' Merlin accuses, and Arthur throws his head back and laughs.

''What does that even mean?'' he asks, still grinning, and then sits down, swinging his legs over the side, and slides into the water with a lot more grace and a lot less splashing than Merlin.

Merlin's look turns fond then. ''It means: Arthur Pendragon in all his prattish glory. I invented it just for you.''

''Oh wow, Merlin, I feel so special now,'' Arthur drawls. ''Maybe I need to come up with a personal insult for you as well then?''

Merlin shakes his head. ''Nah... you can just call me an 'idiot' or maybe a 'buffoon'. I'm not that special.''

Arthur laughs. ''I don't believe that for a second. But since you obviously have a severe mental affliction, 'idiot' does seem fitting.''

Merlin nods happily, and Arthur shakes his head and dunks him under water. The fight is on then, and while Arthur is certainly the stronger one of them, Merlin is incredibly sneaky and sometimes shows up where Arthur least expects him to.

Finally, when they are completely exhausted from their shenanigans, they swim back to the Avalon and hold on to the hull, panting and grinning at each other like little boys. Arthur shakes his wet hair out of his eyes, showering Merlin with droplets of water.

Suddenly there's a hand on Arthur's neck and he is dragged forward. His first thought is that Merlin is going to dunk him again but that doesn't happen. Instead Merlin presses his lips against Arthur's, wet and a little cold, and then suddenly warm when he opens his mouth and takes advantage of Arthur's surprised gasp to deepen the kiss.

It's incredible and intoxicating and Arthur wraps his free arm around Merlin's shoulders to pull him closer against his chest. Merlin makes a keening sound, hand tightening in Arthur's hair like he's drowning.

Then he suddenly pulls back and turns his head away, but not before Arthur gets a glimps at his distraught expression.

''Oh god, I