darting away. He wiped away spit – Tim's spit – from his mouth with the back of his hand and cried, almost hysterically, “What the hell is going on?!”

Tim had made this little grunt when Kon had dropped him, rolling away less gracefully than he normally would, but Kon hadn't really noticed because he'd been busy freaking out. Tim pushed himself to his feet and said, “Why did you drop me?”

“I was kissing you!”

Tim rolled his eyes. “Yes...”

“And I didn't want to!”

Now he smirked. “Didn't you though?”

“I – I - “ And he thought about it, and he did want to kiss Tim. Really badly. He wanted to kiss him and grope him and run his hand up the inside curve of Tim's muscular thigh. He wanted to know if dick tasted different then pussy, and if Tim had brought lube because he really wanted to fuck him.

“What did you do to me?!”

“I'd say that I had Warlock turn you gay...” Tim said slyly.

A horrified strangling noise made its way out of his throat.

“But then I'd have to share you so of course that's a dirty, dirty lie.”

Kon would have breathed a sigh of relief, but he found himself kissing Tim again instead.

It wasn't like Tim wasn't a good kisser. Well, he'd really only kissed Cassie, and that was pretty nice, but Tim's kisses were harder and more aggressive and full of tongue. Kon was enjoying it despite himself. When he finally managed to pull away, he hissed,

“You had Warlock put a spell on me? Why didn't you have him grow back your eye instead?!”

Tim shrugged. “I can get a cybernetic replacement for the eye. I can't get another Kryptonian fucktoy.”

“I am not going to fuck you!” Kon insisted hotly, and then realized he was firmly groping Tim's ass. It was a very nice ass.

“Aren't you? I've been carrying lube in my pocket for weeks.”

“You little shit.”

Kon tackled Tim to the ground, but instead of bashing Tim's head into the pavement, he flipped around, hitting the ground himself and Tim landing on top of him, straddling his hips. His hands were on Tim's ass and his cock was hard and aching and he was seriously pissed off. Well. He would be, if he wasn't so damn horny.

Tim hissed in pain when Kon dug his fingers into Tim's hip.

“What's wrong with you?” Kon snapped. He was the one who was suffering here, dammit.

“Got shot a couple days ago. Surprised you didn't know. You've been stalking me. Oh – were you busy rubbing one out? Will said that might happen.”

“You're such a little bitch, Drake.”

“Only for you.” Tim smirked again, and flexed his hips so they ground down onto Kon's erection. “Now fuck me. I know you want to.”

Kon thought about denying it. Just leaving Tim there and flying off and begging Cassie to at least let him eat her out if she wouldn't let him fuck her. Normally he took out his sexual frustrations on Mordred but not fucking a guy was kind of the point right now.

His TTK hadn't waited for his brain to make a decision because they were already both mostly naked when he realized that, yes, this was happening and he'd have to find a way to kill Will later but for now he was going to fuck Tim. Once that was settled, he was pulling Tim up to his mouth and swallowing Tim's cock, and yes, pussy tasted different than cock but it was still good, and all those sounds Tim was making just fueled his lust. He knew he was going to regret this later. You could sort of argue you were straight if you just fucked a guy. A hole was a hole after all. And Tim fucking him totally hadn't counted. That was under duress and fuck Owls anyways.

But once you put a guy's dick in your mouth, you were a fag and there wasn't any going back from that. Kon knew that, and somehow, as he sucked on Tim's dick, and swallowed it down his throat, he really couldn't bring himself to care.

He felt Tim tense with the beginning of an orgasm and pulled off instantly. Tim moaned, his hands gripping Kon's shoulders, his right eye half closed in pleasure while the left side of his mask stared at him blankly through white out lenses. “There is no way in hell you're coming before I do.” Kon snapped. “Where's your fucking lube?”

Tim smiled triumphantly and fished around in his utility belt. He handed the little screw top bottle to Kon, who shook his head. “You do