't remember ever having sex with you. But we – weren't we together? Or did my head fuck that up, too?/

Steve had to blink back tears. He honestly hadn't thought Bucky would remember. They'd been very discreet; it wasn't like there was much in the history books to trigger Bucky's memory.

“Yeah. Yeah we've – we were together for a long time.”

/Then why don't I remember having sex with you?/


 “Do you 

want


 to have sex with me?”





 Bucky bit his lip, like he wasn't sure what he was supposed to say. “I...


would


.”



Steve swallowed. “But do you want to?”

“I don't know Steve, half the time I don't even want to eat. Stop being edgy and just tell me what's on your mind already!”

“You're asexual Bucky. Well, I mean you were. I don't know what you are now, you're supposed to discover that for yourself. That's what Sam says.”

“I'm asexual?”

“...yeah. I um. I am too, actually. It's part of why we got together.”

“You're asexual? But you're so – everything. Everyone makes eyes at you.”

“Have you seen pictures of me before the serum? No one looked at me then. Besides, just because someone wants to have sex with me doesn't mean I'm required to oblige them.”

“I can say no,” Bucky repeated by rote. He didn't always remember what it meant.

“Yes, you can.”

“So...what did we do? If we didn't have sex? That seems like all anyone talks about.”

“Well, we didn't do anything in public, obviously. I got beaten up as it was. But at home we cuddled and slept next to each other at night, and kissed sometimes. Mostly I just liked being next to you.”

“Were we happy?”

“Yeah. We were.”

Bucky nodded, and then relaxed against Steve, breathing in the scent of him. He nuzzled up under Steve's chin and sighed in pleasure. He didn't say a word for the rest of the day.

Both Sam and Bucky's therapist suggested Bucky find a positive outlet for his energy. Bucky didn't like to do much. He absolutely refused to get up before noon for anything. He liked soft things, and curling up to read in the sun. He read anything he could get his hands on in English, French, German, or Russian. He read novels and speculative fiction and satire, research material and textbooks. He worked out to keep in shape, pushing himself brutally until Steve made him stop or he collapsed from exhaustion.

Bucky did not like eating, unless it involved chocolate. He hated therapy and doctor's visits, though he didn't mind visiting Tony's workshop and talking about his arm. He didn't like it when Steve had to leave on a mission and someone came to stay with him. If he had to have a babysitter, he preferred Darcy, letting her talk at him for hours.

None of those activities really helped Bucky burn off energy positively, and Steve was despairing that they'd find anything Bucky liked. Bucky wasn't allowed out of the tower, and didn't want to leave in any case. He was convinced the moment he left, Hydra would reclaim him, and nothing anyone said would persuade him otherwise.

Steve came home from a brutal three-day mission to find Darcy sitting on the couch, knitting yet another brightly colored sweater for Bucky. Darcy had an unhealthy obsession with knitting, and Bucky liked soft things and was cold a lot, and the result was that he had at least a dozen brightly colored sweaters, hats and scarves all knit in cheerful, soft yarn. He looked ridiculous when he was scowling at the world while wearing a sunshine yellow hat, rainbow scarf, and bright blue sweater, but he did it anyway.

Bucky was no where to be seen.

“Is Bucky asleep?”

“What? Oh, no, he went up to the roof.”

“And you didn't stop him?!” Steve dropped his bag and shield and sprinted back out into the elevator. He'd have run but it was nearly twenty floors, and JARVIS could get him there faster.

“Rooftop JARVIS – hurry!”

“Of course, Captain. May I state that Sargent Barnes isn't currently exhibiting suicidal behavior?”

“I need to see him.”

Bucky had only tried to kill himself once, with a kitchen knife. He'd slashed his vein from his wrist to his elbow in a precise gouge, and if Steve hadn't found him in time, he would have bled out. It had scared the hell out of him.

Steve wasn't sure what he'd been expecting on the roof, but it wasn't Bucky on his