t sound like you handled it. Do I have to come over after all?”

Charles chuckled. “Don’t worry. I was a little preoccupied, but I called Moira yesterday and she’s positive that she can find him a place to stay.”

Raven’s second eyebrow rose to join the first. “You’re finding him another apartment? That’s your plan?”

“Well, technically Moira--”

“What happend to changing the locks?”

“That would hardly help. Erik is a mutant. He can--”

Raven frowned. “Wait, what? He’s a mutant? You didn’t say he was a mutant!”

“It doesn’t really make a difference, does it?”

Apparently it did for Raven, because her whole demeanour changed all of a sudden. “What kind of mutation?” she asked curiously, leaning forwards and slurping on her drink.

“Electromagnetism. He can manipulate metal and… what?”

Raven stared at him wide-eyed, her mouth hanging open. “Manipulate metal? Erik… not… not Erik Lehnsherr, surely?”

Charles gave her a questioning look. “That’s his name, ye--”

“Oh my god!” Raven shrieked, her hands flailing around and her mind a buzz of excitement. “You’re intruder is Magneto!?”

“Who?”

“Oh god, you really live under a rock. Magneto! He’s the leader of the Brotherhood!”

“Leader? I knew he was involved with them but--”

“God, Charles, he’s amazing! Mutant and proud!”

And then Charles got a mental picture of Magneto, seen through his sister’s eyes. And sure as hell, it was Erik. But he was… Magneto seemed like a good name. He had the radiance of a revolutionary leader, standing on a pile of wooden pallets with a megaphone in his hand. His shirt was riding up under his worn leather-jacket, his hair stood askew and there was a manic glint in his eyes as he shouted to the crowd. Someone else might have looked silly, Erik looked mesmerizing and, yes, magnetic.

Then something else occured to Charles. “How do you… did you go to one of their rallies?”

Raven suddenly looked like a deer caught in the headlights. “Just maybe one or two… okay, four. And a few of the meetings of the local group at my university.”

“What?” Charles reached out and grabbed her hand across the table, cold dread filling his chest. “What if someone finds out--”

“Yes,” Raven returned sharply. “That’s rather the point, isn’t it? It’s his point, anyway. That we shouldn’t have to hide who we are!”

The skin of her hand rippled under his palm, and Charles gripped her tighter in alarm.

“That’s easy for him to say, when he can pass for human any day!”

He was going to kill Erik for putting such ideas in his sister’s head.

“But that’s it!” Raven objected defensively. “He’s completely open about being a mutant. And he’s proud of it!”

Charles didn’t know how he could talk sense into her. “Raven, once your secret is out, you might not be able to take it back,” he pleaded.

“You could.”

Charles closed his eyes. “And you know I would do almost anything to protect you. But please, Raven, don’t put me in that position.”

“Erik says we shouldn’t restrict ourselves just because the humans are scared of us,” Raven told him, her chin set in a fierce line.

“Dear god,” Charles muttered. “Erik is currently using his mutation to break into my home. What happened to calling the police on him and throwing him out?”

“I didn’t know you were talking about Erik Lehnsherr when I said that! Who’d want to throw him out, that man is sex on a stick! He can break into my place anyti--”

“Raven!”

“What?”

“I thought you and Hank...”

“Yeah, well, a girl can dream.” Raven shrugged. “It’s not like he’d be interested in me.”

“Can we please stop talking about this?”

Somehow the idea of Erik and Raven made Charles stomach feel like lead. He ordered another glass of wine and drank half of it in one go. When he came home he would talk to Erik. Their situation was becoming ridiculous and had to end, nevermind how hot and amazing his sister thought Erik was.

 

 

“You!” Charles barked when he came home two hours and a bottle of wine later. “You seduced my sister!”

“Pardon?” Erik had come out from the kitchen, drying his hands on a dish towel with a frown marring his face. “No offense, I’m sure your sister is lovely, but I can assure you the only one I’ve been trying to seduce has been you.”

“That’s--” Charles broke off,