bugging him. He even seemed to have the surprising ability to know when Arthur would indulge his idle chatter and when to fade into the background while still providing company. Today Arthur enjoyed the latter.

He had been thinking about his decision for the better part of the evening already, and he knew it was the right choice. Still, he was hesitating, indulging himself with a few more moments of what would soon become his old life. Because from here on out, everything would change.

He had decided to tell his uncle first. It was a courtesy, and it would keep Arthur from backing out. He knew the man wouldn't agree with his choice, but Arthur had come to understand that his uncle's advice was far from infallible.

Agravaine's reaction, then, was as Arthur had predicted. He tried to sway him, reminding him of his duty, going so far as claiming that he could provide all the support that Arthur needed. What his uncle couldn't know was that Arthur had thought of his duty first when making this decision. He needed a queen. Camelot needed a queen. At some point there had to be an heir. If there wasn't, it would only further the ambitions of their enemies.

And Gwen would be a good queen. She knew the hearts of Camelot's people, could provide Arthur with a more empathetic understanding that his upbringing had not granted him. She would be honest with him and supportive and, most importantly, Gwen was loyal. Gwen would never betray him, never stab him in the back like Morgana had done, never withhold the truth like his father. It might not be the love of fairy tales, but then Arthur had never expected his marriage to be. He would be fortunate to marry someone for whom he felt affection and respect. It was more than he had ever hoped for.

So, while he wasn't surprised by his uncle's comments, the reaction that slightly threw him, was Merlin's.

''I'm going to marry Guinevere,'' he'd said, and Merlin had dropped what he was holding with an enormous clatter.

Arthur's intentions towards Gwen weren't something he had never spoken of before, so Merlin had hardly a reason to be so surprised. He would have blamed Merlin's general clumsiness, had his manservant not frozen in place for the longest time before bending down to pick up the bowl he'd been polishing. And even then Merlin did not turn around but remained where he was, his shoulders hunched, his head bowed over his work.

It wouldn't have been so disconcerting, had it been anyone else but nosy, inappropriate Merlin, and it distracted Arthur so much, that he skipped most of his carefully prepared speech, ending up being rather curt with Agravaine.

He couldn't even summon enough care to feel regret about alienating his uncle, when Merlin had not looked at him once since he voiced his plans for marriage. The door closed behind an obviously ruffled Agravaine, leaving a tense and awkward silence in his wake.

Arthur picked up his goblet of wine which he had abandoned on the table earlier, taking a deep gulp.

''You're not saying anything,'' he observed after a few more moments had passed.

Merlin flinched a little.

''What would you have me say, sire?''

''It's not like I can ever get you to shut up about my personal business otherwise.''

Merlin turned around then, finally, a bright smile on his face.

''Just trying to comply with your wishes, sire,'' he said, trying for cheerful.

Arthur raised an eyebrow, granting Merlin with a dubious look.

''I'm... sure Gwen will be ecstatic?''

Arthur just kept looking while Merlin fidgeted, the smile fading from his face.

''And... I know that you...'' Merlin began, but faltered.

He looked away and took a deep breath, like he had to compose himself. But when he met Arthur's eyes again, his smile was back. It was smaller, but also more real. Private.

''You know I wish you all the happiness there is, Arthur. And I'm glad... I'm glad you are following your heart.''

Arthur could only stare at Merlin, watch as the fire from the hearth planted flickering shadows on his pale face. His heart. It was strange that it took Merlin saying those words for Arthur to realize who in fact was in possession of this sorry but tenacious thing.

''Gwen will... She will be a good queen. For Camelot,'' Arthur said with some difficulty.

And it was still true. Even if his epiphany would have been of any consequence, even if there would have been such a possibility as being not alone in his insanity, and there wasn't,... it still would not have changed a thing.

He was the king. His duty was and always would be to Camelot.

''I'm sure she will be wonderful.''

''Yes.''

''I just... I guess, I was a bit surprised...'' Merlin bowed his head