off, turning his head and brushing a kiss against the corner of Erik's mouth. “I know you want me,” he breathes. “And I want you, too.”

Erik is helpless, utterly helpless. He stands no chance when Charles’ lips press against his, can’t remember why he should be resisting when Charles’ tongue teases his mouth open. With a groan, Erik grabs him, one hand on his jaw and one on his hip, pulling him closer and diving in deeper, biting at his too red lips and sucking on his tongue. It’s messy and perfect and Charles lets him, rocking his hips forwards and rubbing his stiff cock into the crease of Erik’s thigh.

It's glorious, having Charles in his arms, and maybe Erik is going a little mad. His own cock is throbbing in his tight jeans, all his blood rushing south and leaving his head completely empty. He doesn’t know what he’s doing, he just knows he wants more of it, more of Charles, needs it like oxygen.

“Come up to my room with me,” Charles whispers against his ear, and Erik just nods stupidly.

He’s forgotten about his bike, about the essay he should be writing tonight, about how he doesn’t really know Charles beyond the fact that he sleeps with men for money. He lets Charles take him by the hand, pulled along by the brightness of his smile and the swagger in his hips. Charles is like a force of nature and Erik is only human.

When they stands next to each other in the elevator, and Erik watches the automatic doors close in front of them, reality comes rushing back. He glances sideways and sees Charles gnaw at his lip. For a second, there's a crack in the confident demeanor. An unexpected glimpse of what might be lying under all of Charles' bluster, and a reminder that Charles is a person, a guy Erik's age, not just a fantasy. It makes Erik feel awkward. He wants to say something, but he has no idea what would be appropriate and before he can come up with anything, the elevator stops. Charles steps out and shoots him a wicked smile over his shoulder.

Erik can see it now. How Charles' whole appearance and mannerisms are designed, a mask he dons, and Erik tells himself that this isn't what he wants. But he still follows Charles, down the corridor to a plain door and further into a nondescript room. It's impersonal. The perfect place for anonymous sex with a prostitute, and Erik can't stand it. He doesn't want to think of Charles that way. Doesn't want to be like one of these men Charles brings here to let them fuck him.

Charles must sense his sudden hesitancy because, once the door has fallen shut behind them, he turns to Erik with a challenging glint in his eyes.

“Something wrong?” he asks loftily, raising his eyebrows.

Erik nervously clears his throat. “No. It’s just… We don’t have to.” He gestures between them. “You know?”

“Don’t tell me you've got scruples?”

Erik shuffles his feet, but apparently Charles will have none of it. Falling into a seductive pose with practiced ease, he shrugs off his jacket and then grabs the bottom of his red turtleneck, slowly pulling it up and over his head. Even if he wanted to, Erik can't turn away. The view of Charles’ chest and stomach is even more entrancing at close quarters. His nipples are a dusky pink, and a sparse trail of hair is running from his navel down into the waistband of his jeans. There's a half moon scar over his left hipbone, which feels oddly intimate, and Erik catches himself with the silly urge to run his fingertips along the raised skin, pressing kisses to Charles' shoulder while he tells the story behind it.

“You like what you see, don’t you?” Charles pulls him back into reality. There's a knowing look in his eyes and his smile is taunting. “I know you do.”

He pops the buttons of his jeans, and lets them hang open, precariously clinging to his hips. From what Erik can tell, he's not wearing any underwear.

“I know all the filthy things you want to do to me.” Charles' voice turns low and he slowly stalks closer, alluring and just a little dangerous. As far as seduction goes, he is obviously a professional. “You want to pin me down and make me beg for you to fuck me. Want to suck my cock and taste that dark, secret place you can’t help thinking of, even though you’ve never done anything like that before.” He glances up at Erik through his long lashes before he whispers, “Don’t worry, I can teach you all the things you’ve only ever dreamed of.”

Erik stands stock-still, breathing shallowly through his mouth.

“You don