properly. I roll this along your arm, and you tell where where the feeling stops. Or if it feels wrong.”

Genji’s arms had not originally been cybernetic. Not both of them. There had been more of the left remaining than the right. But there had been issues with weight and balance early on in testing, and she’d finally just amputated and replaced the entirety of both with machinery to settle it. Easier that way.


 His right was 
made of the same grayish material as the rest of his underlayer. Beneath the carapace of his armor was a reinforced layer of fibrous nano-mesh. It did not feel quite like skin to the touch- more like silk, but it was thin enough that she’d been able to work in a full suite of nerve sensors. Touch, pressure, temperature, friction. A ninja’s hands were his livelihood. 
As a surgeon, t
hat, she could appreciate.


Angela began rolling the ball along his fingers. “You were asking about biotech.”

Genji nodded, his gaze following the ball once more.

“I am a surgeon. My work mixes biotic and nanite technology to regenerate form. But it does not create. It could, given time and research.”

He raised an eyebrow at that. “You have both.” He jerked a head at the technological paradise that was the Overwatch medbay.

“I do. Any issues with the feeling? No? Temperature is good?” Genji jerked as she took the ball away and pressed her fingers to his palm. Trimmed nails and cool fingers ghosted along surface of his hand, tracing where the life line would be on a human palm.

Angela smirked up at him. “The anecdote about doctors and cold hands holds true, I am afraid.”

He was stiff, his posture rigid, but he didn’t pull away. Angela gauged his reaction, not stopping her exploration of his palm. She didn’t have to guess to know this was the first human contact he’d had with anyone in quite some time. Shimada was supposedly quite the ladies man in his past life, and the look in his eyes as she held his hand was almost hungry.

“Something wrong?” she said.

“N-no.” He looked away. “Continue talking.”

“I have money, resources, and support,” Angela said. She ended her contact with him, not missing the way his hand followed hers for just an instant as she pulled away. “But I also have limits. These things come with strings.”

She returned to the ball, beginning at his wrist. The seam of flesh to metal, and his weapons attachments, she left alone, save to palpate them to make sure they were settled properly. There was no real sense in probing them with the ball- he had no sensation there. Just the vague pressure identified by the sensors in his skin, like something pressing on a fingernail.

Genji shifted as she nudged the piece of his arm where the armor plating would sit.

“Pain?”

“No.” His gaze dropped. “It feels strange. Like it is a part of me, but not. But… none of this is a part of me.”

“It feels out of place.”

“Yes.”

She rolled the ball across the area she’d repaired. “Good?”

“Fine.”

“Working for Overwatch comes with rules,” she said softly. “We answer to Jack, and he answers to the UN. And if the UN decided at some point after the Omnic Crisis, that one disaster averted was enough, and banned any advanced biotech research, we would have to follow those standards.”

“What?!” Genji jerked forward, nearly rising off the table entirely. “Why?”

“Cloning.” Angela set the ball on the table, pausing in her examination to meet his eyes. “If we created omnics and they turned on us, what would happen if cloning and biotech were allowed to advance to create new life?”

“That’s- that’s insane,” he hissed.

“It is cowardice.” Angela pressed her fingers to the nanofiber of his inner arm. Silken skin passed beneath her fingers. “And that is why we are stuck using prosthetics and cybernetics.”

Genji swore. She did not know the word, it was in his native tongue, but he said it in the tone used for epithets. “Insane. I’m stuck in this thing because they’re afraid. So worried about something that they’ve damned me to this shell.”

“Genji,” Angela said. “Genji, look at me.” She rose. Her hands moved from forearm to elbow to shoulder to chin. His was stubbled, just enough of his skin left for a beard shadow before the underlayer replaced his neck. Angela brushed her fingers through it.

His skin was warm. He stared at her.

“You are you. No matter how much of you is machine, the components that matter are here.”

A single finger pressed to his forehead.

“Please know that I have given you nothing I would not have myself.”

Genji frowned at that