, drinking a pop. I didn't see the point. She couldn't taste it.

"So… I've got nothing to do. You wanna go fight crime?" I said.

"Kick. Ass." Runechild said. "Where do we start?"

I had to think about that. "Well, Brockton Bay is kind of a shithole."

"Still?"

"Yup. So there's lot of places to start. There's the Empire, but… I don't want to fight them in case Krieg takes over, because then it makes things harder for me."

Runechild raised an eyebrow. "Why would you fight the Empire? Aren't you a Nazi?"

My jaw might have hit the floor. "What?"

"Yeah." Runechild sounded confused. "You hang out with Nazis, and you're planning to help Allfather take over the Empire. I just figured. I mean, you're nicer to me than Allfather, so you're probably not a very good Nazi, but still."

"I'm not a Nazi." I said firmly. "The thing with the Empire is just because of my contract with Allfather. If you'd contracted to take over the ABB, I'd probably help you with that in the same way."

She shivered. "Let's stay away from them."

I didn't press the issue. We both lapsed into thoughtful silence.

It seemed like my ruse to masquerade as an Empire cape had been successful enough to convince an impressionable twelve-year old girl. That whole thing was… did I even need it? Was associating with the Empire to protect Dad worth the effort?

My contract with Michael had opened a lot of new doors for me. Enough that I felt confident in being able to walk away from the Empire before things got serious. Allfather was definitely the deal-breaker though. If Allfather wasn't going to be in charge, I had some serious misgivings. I didn't know who Krieg was or what he was like. I couldn't count on him to honor the same things that Allfather would, and I didn't trust him in the same way.

It was sounding more and more promising to just strike out on my own and gather ghosts solo. I'd always wanted to be a hero, but more than that now, I wanted to live. It eclipsed any other goals I had. Now that I had a chance to come back, I was going to claw my way back to life. Getting entangled with the Empire would just impair that.

The warehouse door swung open and Allfather strode in. He was wearing civilian clothes again. Speak of the devil…

"Say hi to the fuhrer for me, fraulein." Runechild said with a smirk. She skipped off down the catwalk. I let my solidity go, phasing through the catwalk to the floor below.

"Hey." I said. Seeing Allfather was awkward. I knew he didn't want to see me, but now that I saw him, I realized that I missed talking to him.

"Taylor. Are you ready for the rally tomorrow?" He said. "You've got that costume, but have you gone over the speech we prepared?"

"Yeah. I practiced a bunch earlier. Noriko helped me."

"I see. The entire city is going to watch. If you don't feel comfortable, I can speak instead."

What he was saying should have been comforting; offering to take a burden off me. But the way he said it was so cold and formal that it just made me uneasy.

"I can do it. I wouldn't miss this one for the world."

"See that you don't." Allfather said. He was already turning to leave.

I dithered there, trying to think of something to say, something to mend the distance that had formed between us. My failings had driven Dad and me apart, and now it was happening again.

"I'm looking forward to completing our contract!" I shouted.

Okay, so maybe I was pretty pissed off at him too. He'd ditched me in a warehouse for a week because he was too upset to deal with me.

Allfather froze, one hand reaching for the door.

"What did you say?"

"You heard me."

He turned on his heel and in an instant, towered over me; his stare as cold and hard as ice.

"Taylor, think carefully about what you're going to-"

"I'm not joining the Empire either." I met his eye without flinching. Allfather opened his mouth and I cut him off again. Time to go all in.

"Why have you been avoiding me?"

"I haven't been."

"Don't lie to me Allfather. I thought we were on better terms than that."

A red flush was rising in his face. Was it embarrassment, or just simple anger?

"Taylor, I wouldn't lie- I just…" Allfather dropped his gaze. "I