checking for threats, for anyone who might do something, and then returned to staring at the floor.

A man sat down in the seat across the aisle from her. Taylor turned away so he couldn't see what a mess she was. Hopefully, and she almost laughed bitterly at the thought, he'd think she was just another homeless person.

The bus started up again, turning down a side street as it headed for the next stop. There would be four more before hers.

"Excuse me."

The landscape outside blurred into a mélange of shapes and colors; all dirty buildings and concrete.

"Miss?"

Taylor blinked. She looked up.

The man in the other seat was eyeing her. He held out a hand, and she drew back reflexively.

"It's alright," he said. He opened his hand, showing her a folded white handkerchief. "See?"

She stared, making no move to take it. Annoyance flared up inside her. Why couldn't he just leave her alone and mind his own business? She looked at him again. What was this about? People didn't just do stuff like this in Brockton Bay.

The man's age was indeterminate, older than thirty, maybe forty, from the fine lines at the corners of his dark eyes, but it was hard to say. He had a… vitality about him, something in the way he sat, and the calm, knowing smile on his face, that she hated at once. It was an ugly, basic feeling- jealousy that he was happier than her.

The man didn't lower his hand though. "I don't bite," he said, a note of laughter in his voice.

"What do you want?"

His smile widened just a bit. The man brushed a strand of his long, black hair back with his free hand, tucking it back into the loose ponytail he wore. "You looked like you needed to dry off."

"Don't worry about it." She knew she sounded rude, and didn't care. It wasn't his problem.

"Alright then." He pocketed the handkerchief, but didn't turn away. Taylor's annoyance grew into anger, her fists balling in her lap. Go away. 

"How did that happen?"

"None of your business."

"Of course not." He shrugged lazily. "Doesn't mean I can't be curious."

She returned to looking out the window and didn't answer.

"I'm a bit of a people person," the man continued, his voice still calm and undaunted by her rejection. "And right now… I'd say you're having a bad time."


No shit.


"Teenage girl, alone on her own in the middle of a school day, all covered in… what is that- soda? Having trouble at school, darling?"

Taylor whipped around, all her frustration from the day boiling over, pushed past the breaking point by this man who just-wouldn't-go.

"Fuck off!" she hissed at him.

A few nearby passengers glanced back at her, and she lowered her voice even further, snarling her words at the man.

"Just leave me alone. What do you care, huh?!"

He only blinked slowly. "Like I said, kiddo, I'm just a curious observer. I saw someone in-" He paused. "Someone who needed someone else to talk to."

She curled her lip at him, uncaring of what he thought- he was a stranger. "Leave me alone."

"What does it cost you?"

That stopped her. She squinted at him through her smudged glasses. The man had an angular face, his chin lightly-stubbled; he looked vaguely familiar. She didn't know him from somewhere, did she? Was that why he was being so odd?

"What does what cost me?"

"To talk to me," he explained.

The bus came to a stop, and their conversation paused while passengers came on and off.

"Why would I want to talk to you?"

"Why not?"

She turned to fully face him for the first time. Her anger had ebbed, replaced with something more like incredulity at the man's sheer persistence.

"I'm a stranger," he said. "I don't want anything from you, and I thought you might like a friendly ear to ah- vent to." The man held up his hands as if to say 'why not?' "Besides, I'm only in town for a week or two, tops, for business."

Taylor didn't answer him. The red flags were still up; this whole thing felt eerie, but the man was just so earnest… and insistent. Was he maybe- was this a gang thing? Did gangs recruit like this? She bit her lip. What if it was some kind of weird sex thing? An older man trying to pick up a teenage girl.

She dismissed that thought as quickly as it came.