all and that's that. 




He had went to the doctor's after school, despite his father saying he was fine. But after the boy had shown his father the petals His father had taken him to the doctor. It was quiet as he was in the hallway, He was sitting in a chair with his head down. His father was inside the office talking to the doctor. The two words still was Ringing in Ethan's head. Hanahaki disease. The name sounded pretty sure but this wasn't pretty at all. Why him, Ethan didn't dersve this. All he wanted was love, He gave his heart to another but Didn't get it in return. That was the problem. He had gotten it From loving Jason, who loved Piper. It was all his fault. From what Ethan could hear though the door there was ways to get it out, The only two options were Love back or surgery. Either way It wasn't gonna happen. Sure, Ethan's father had tons of money but it all went to his younger sister, Who had cancer. 


Ethan coughed and looked at the petals in his hands. "What now?'' Will asked as Nico Took a sip out of his coffee. The five of them were hanging out in star bucks, Just Will, Nico, Ethan, Luke and Hazel. Ethan shrugged and wiped his mouth. "Man you need hearing aids. I said I have the Hanahaki disease, which by the way means I have flowers and roots in me."' Ethan shrugged again. His friends just gaped at him and he rubbed the back of his neck. "But how do you get it?'' Luke questioned, He already knew but Ethan had a feeling he was helping him tell what had to be said, and for that The one eyed boy was grateful. "When you love someone so much and they don't feel the same.'' He replied quietly. Hazel put her hand over his hand and smiled, but it was full of pity and sadness. "I could get them removed surgery but then I will never feel love again.'' He muttered and felt all his friend's eyes on him. Before anyone could say something Ethan erupted into violent coughing, He coughed right into his hands and looked at them sadly. Blood was covering the petals. "Et, You have to tell Jason! He-''

"Might return the feelings then? Bull. It's utter bullshit Will.'' Ethan muttered and wiped his mouth. His coffee sat there growing cold as He felt himself dying. "I want nothing to do with...With..Jason at the moment.'' He didn't miss the way his voice caught on his name. No matter what he told himself he still Loved Jason Grace. What a cruel joke on him. "Ethan...can't you...I don't know..'' Hazel asked and Ethan looked at her, One of his best friends. He smiled and shrugged. "Who knows?'' He felt horrible for doing this. He was basically letting himself die right in front of them.


 He had nightmares. Where he would wake up and find himself covered in petrels, find roots growing out of him. He would always wake up in a cold sweat, Gasping and curled up in a ball. His younger sister didn't understand. He would just pat her head and smile. "I'm fine Yuri, Just a little sickness.'' And she would look up at him with her bright green eyes wide. "A sickness?'' She asked in a quiet voice. And this is the part where it killed Him. He would get on his knees and hold her close and blinked away tears. '"Yeah, I'll be fine soon so you don't worry at all Yuri.'' He didn't want to lie to her, But he had to Lie, he didn't want her to worry. She was only eight and already was sentenced with a horrible fate. Her mother had die when she was only five when their mother died, Ethan and her were driving home from his Karate match when a drunk driver crashed into them. Ethan lost a eye, and Their mother had lost her life. 



Life was cruel. 


"Ethan please, we can help.'' Will pleaded and the other three nodded. Ethan felt his heart break and he shrugged. They couldn't help, unless They somehow made Jason love him they couldn't do a single thing. And that was beautiful. Ethan looked at his phone and lied to their faces, he had said his father wanted him home. It wasn't that good of a lie but his friends let him go. It was raining so he put his hood up as he walked. His mind started to Travel to Jason and he shook his head. It was not the time nor place to think about the boy who was killing him without even realizing it. He stopped at the cross walk and looked up at the rainy sky. He hands were in his pockets and he had the sudden urge to walk in the traffic.