slightly, the sound pleasant and warm if a little strained.  Dean relaxes, glad that she’s not offended. She’s taken all of this incredibly well – only nodded and asked the barest of questions as Dean had talked, Sam jumping in occasionally with extra info, gaze intent and determined.  Since Sam left, they’ve been deviating slightly from the conversation topic – understandably, since with no new information apart from the confirmation that Mara/Leimara was lonely and missing home, there hasn’t been much to discuss – and Dean’s been discovering with no small amount of pleasure that Kate isn’t just easy on the eyes, she’s also intelligent and funny.

(And only about two and a half years younger than him, which is even better.)

Not that the first doesn’t tend to make up his mind most of the time, but the other two are brilliant, will take any girl from mildly attractive to extremely hot.

He’s suddenly aware that they’re sitting next to each other on the couch now, closer than is normally socially acceptable.  It’s not bothering him too much, and doesn’t seem to be bothering her.

“So-“ he begins, with some vague intention of suggesting – what exactly, he doesn’t know – and then his phone rings and they jerk apart, almost guiltily.  Kate pushes herself to her feet, muttering something about grabbing some biscuits, and Dean reaches into his pocket.

It’s Sam, of course, the always-dependable cock-blocker.

“What?” he asks brusquely into the phone in lieu of actually saying hello.

“I know what they are,” Sam says breathlessly, and then hangs up.

Dean stares at his phone, blinks slowly.  “Wow.  What a bitch.”  He shakes his head wonderingly then looks over to Kate.  “It was Sammy- Sam,” he corrects hastily, because as much as he’ll call Sam Sammy when they’re alone, it feels strange using that name in public.  Like revealing a secret about someone, except that the secret’s one of yours too.  “He says he knows what it is.  Didn’t say anything else, but at least one of us knows.   Good old Sam.”  He can’t help but smile fondly, because it’s true.

There’s a heavy sigh from the kitchen, and Dean looks up.  “I knew it,” Kate groans.  “the good ones are always taken or gay.  Or both.”   She shakes her head.  “I just don’t know why you guys felt like you needed to pretend to be brothers – I’m an actress, after all, it’d be pretty depressing if I was homophobic.”

It takes Dean a while to work that out.

“What- what, wait no, no, no,” he repeats, aghast.  “Sam’s my brother, we’re not, I mean, that’s…”

He trails off, suddenly uncomfortably aware that he’s not sure what that is.  He knows what should be leaping to mind, what he should be exclaiming (disgusting, wrong, perverted, incest) and for Sammy they’d be true.

Not for him.

(But he promised after Stanford happened never to think about it, never again.)

Dean glances at Kate again and realises with a start that she’s been watching him closely, frown of concentrating indicating that (much to his dismay) she’s been taking everything in.

“I believe you,” she says finally.  “But…you shouldn’t be so hard on yourself.”

“What do you mean?” Dean asks flatly.

With a roll of her eyes, she shifts her weight to rest her hand on her hip.  “I mean seriously, Dean, it’s pretty obvious that you’re really into him.  In a really not-platonic way.  And that he feels exactly the same.  You guys are meant to be.”

“No, I don- I’m sorry, what?”

“And I know the whole taboo thing sucks but you hunt supernatural things and have a criminal record, right?  You shouldn’t worry so much about it,” Kate continues over him like he didn’t say anything, stepping back towards the couch to pat his shoulder comfortingly before moving towards the kitchen again.

“I-“

The front door bursts open and Sam rushes in.  “I think we have a problem,” he huffs breathlessly, collapsing to his knees and barely managing to kick the door closed before something bangs on it, loud and insistent.

 

~

 

“Caiinell,” Sam explains around a mouthful of water.  The banging hasn’t stopped, though they’ve shoved everything in front of the door in an effort to provide as much protection as possible.  “They’re offspring of Cain-“

“Wait,” Dean interrupts, “as in Cain and Abel Cain?”

A beady glare from Sam doesn’t make Dean feel anything other than amusement, but Kate’s reproachful glance causes him to flush.