meter in just seconds. In under a minute he stepped back from an arching tent as tall as he and just as wide as their camels meandering nearby.

"Ladies first."

He gestured her in with a hand on the opening, pulling back the thick fold. Miss Carnahan peered in warily. The next moment she made a little noise of delight mixed with wonder in the back of her throat that did very interesting things for his libido, though he squashed the initial stirring before it bloomed into something harder to wrangle under control.

"As I said, ma'am, more than enough rooms, and all the comforts I pegged you for needing, full bedroom and bath, stocked kitchen, even a small library next to the common room to help with your inquiries. Unfortunately no wireless seems to pick up a signal where we'll be going in the weeks ahead, if my experiences in deserts and old magic are anything to go by."

He let her enter and stepped back, fiddling with his satchel of ropes dumped carelessly to the sand. While far more simple he had no need to enjoy the luxury or accommodations of a team-class dwelling. She poked her head back out to stare at him with a good deal less animosity. "Aren't you coming in?" she asked.

"No ma'am. Wouldn't want the crew to get suspicious," he said good-naturedly. Then he tugged a rope end and his workman's tent began compiling like a set of dominoes falling into place, popping into position at knee-height. Unlike her own, his truly was a simple thing, only a little wider within than the size without. He shrugged his way in and sighed when his head met the make-due pillow of a rolled up rug.

He heard her footsteps coming around the end and then she was kneeling by his boots and looking at him incredulously. "Surely you cannot be comfortable in that, Mr. Weasley."

He yawned behind one hand. "If I worried about comfort, Miss Carnahan, I wouldn't be a curse breaker. Don't forget to zip the opening before you turn in. Good morning." He tucked his feet in and toed the opening closed before her nose, letting his mind drift to a place of quiet contemplation.

"Ooh!" Her protest brought a rough grin to his lips.

Their journey ticked by on the calendars kept by Bill and the leading goblin, Cthukuk, who finally deigned to speak with him on the eighth night. Unfortunately for them both, that happened to be the point by which he'd put together a reasonable understanding of where and when his life, and by association Miss Carnahan's, would be forfeit; when they finally closed toward her fabled Hamunaptra. And the stars in conjunction with the analysis of her map were leading them fairly true.

"We are nearing, wizard."

Cthukuk's voice in English felt as comforting as a Banshee's opening wail. Given his run in with two over the course of his life to date, and Fleur in full-on Veela wrath did not count, Bill resisted the urge to wince with a surprising degree of success.

"I was beginning to think the same," he answered obliquely.

Cthukuk gave him no other warning. No sinister, premeditated chuckle. No whistle to coordinate with the others nearby. Not even the swish of a hitherto-concealed dagger rising from the folds of a thrown-back cloak. The goblin simply pointed and the rune-encrusted rings around his swollen index finger spat a wave of invisible force against the body of Hannibal, his camel.

Bill had known to expect something, but kinetic energy was not one of the areas he had prepared for. Hannibal went down in an explosion of blood and fur, sending Bill himself into a headlong tumble that he barely turned into a halted roll back toward his beloved mount for a fraction of protection.

Nearby Miss Carnahan screamed. The other goblins split their numbers, two more encircling his position to flank him, the remainder going after her. In an instant a sense of protective duty reared up inside of his admittedly shaken head.


Bugger this!


A thin brass flute materialized in Bill's right hand, loosened from the holster around his upper arm. There was barely enough time to raise it to his lips, and even before he made contact with the tip he was breathing out in a seemingly nonsensical rush. The first silver rings surrounding him hummed as a volley of force raced forward, throwing bits of camel and desert sands skyward. Then a piercing wail rose up on the wind from every corner at once, a tone of deafening, all-pervading volume that burrowed into the ears and set up an amphitheater with no way out. The goblins by instinctive nature snarled in Gobbledygook and clapped their burnished fingers against their ears, while beneath them the orcneas bellowed as if being slaughtered, thrashing their leathery heads from side to side; thick spurts of metallic green blood splashed across the desert floor. Gone insensate with pain the mad mounts charged head-long into each other, crazed with agony.

Bill screwed up his eyes against