approached me now.

"I  would not take arms against you, son of Arathorn," I told him quietly  when he had at last stopped several feet beyond my spot. "My enemy is  but the Eye, within its cold Tower, and those who serve beneath him be  it willingly or otherwise at this point. If you think it wise to draw  Andúril against me I will not oppose it, and indeed I would welcome the  touch of that legendary blade if it were otherwise so presented." I said  quietly and firmly.

Our eyes looked upon one another and the  connection of a Soul Gaze established itself- only to be reflected, cast  aside and denied by some inner will and wellspring of strength he  possessed- no doubt the fortitude that had allowed him to throw aside  Sauron's black will when he looked upon the Palantir properly some weeks  from now.

He drew the hilt out a few inches without flinching,  though I couldn't exactly say the same, as I blinked and leaned back in  surprise; it felt like the utter denial that the Guardian Angel serving  beneath Uriel had performed, when I chose to see it with my Wizards  Sight.

"You may have tried to conquer my spirit, Istari,"  he stated softly as the blade rose further still, "but I have taken it  unto myself and reversed your spell; and lo! I have seen some glimpse of  what you are, and of what you represent. You are not of Arda, not  wholly, and nor would I claim you to be that which you state; but I have  seen the Vala you proclaim and in him is the fire of Ilúvatar. To what  reasons you have come are not clear to me- but I am assuaged of your  intentions to aide the Fellowship," he said slowly.

I exhaled in  relief and smiled loosely before he drew the sword in full, and Andúril  sliced a thin line across my left cheek while my guard was down. I  hissed lowly as the absurdly sharp edge bit through my gathered flesh  and spilled faint dews of blood across the grass.

He stared a  moment more before sheathing his sword and leaning down, gripping my  right hand and drawing me back to my feet. "Rise, Dresden the Black," he  intoned. I gripped my staff and drew it upright as well, recognizing  the reason for his action even if it burned irritably, and I shuffled my  staff to the crook of one elbow so that I could press the same hand  against my cheek.

"Look and see, my companions! This battle has  been fought and the stranger bleeds as truly as you and I, were we dealt  such a cut. What suspicions as I held are allayed at this moment, and I  ask that you as well set them aside ere we go forward." Aragorn called  back to the other two.

End of Chapter Two.

Things become tenser still between Dresden the Black and the Fellowship.

Boromir stood firm as Aragorn and I approached, suspicion not only present in the hard lines of his face, but outright scorn. "Hail I say to you, son of Denethor and Glóin, thrice and for all this morrow," I said at once, lingering not long upon the man's distrust for instead I felt it right to kneel and present myself for the dwarf's approval.

Boromir could be checked by the Dunedain at my side, and they had passed through Gimli's long forsaken homeland only to find it in ruination and flame, host to an evil that few are aware of in modern times. An injustice if ever there were one, and Gandalf had given his life to see the Fellowship to safety. For that alone I could not hold myself back.

"To what fate has done to you and yours in Moria long behind, I offer condolences and more, for I have it not only in my power to fix, mayhap, but only the pressing matter of time that denies my offer to you now." Gimli's stony features could have chiseled yet further, almost to match the man beside him, and I spoke thus, "Yet when we've the freedom, when this journey has seen itself through to the very end, I offer you my aide as Istari in this further venture, son of Glóin: Moria shall be renewed. If it does not gleam as the white walls of the White City, I offer you my staff and knowledge to make it so ere I wander back from Arda, be thus in yonder months or many years. Your home shall be renewed!"

I could but feel the sneer which graced good Boromir's expression next. Indeed, his words were not to be unexpected, given such a vast and terrible claim. I might of as well have sworn to march forward into Mordor and tear down the black tower of Barad-dur with my own hands.

"For pity's sake," he exclaimed, "do you not see the silver tongue that flashes in the light? Do you not hear the honeyed lies clear as this winding horn I carry?"

Gimli met my gaze without flinching. He buried his axe in the ground between us with a mighty huff. "How my heart longs for