moment and took a few deep, shaky breaths. Then she dabbed at her eyes with a corner of the hospital blanket and asked, “How long?”

“As long as it takes,” said Ezar, his voice hard.

Part of her wanted to start crying again out of sheer relief, but she had not forgotten that banishing Ges from court couldn’t solve more than half her problems, if that. Serg was less creative on his own, but he would be furious that his father had interfered.

Ezar picked up his coat from where it lay across the arm of his chair, and got slowly to his feet, reaching for the handsomely carved cane that leaned against the wall near the door.

“One more thing - I’ve been told there’s a Miss Alys Vormercier asking if she can see you. Shall I have Negri add her to the list of approved visitors?” He must have seen a flicker of worry on her face then, for he added hastily, “I am the only name on the list at present. No one else will be admitted without your express permission.”

Kareen nodded. If Alys had heard anything, she was no doubt worried to distraction already; it would be unkind to keep her in the dark any longer, with only vague official reports and shocking Vor gossip to go on. She would be restful company compared to Ezar, and her presence a pleasant distraction from everything else.

“Very well.” He gave a small, stiff, bow in her direction. “I wish you a quick recovery, Kareen, though you must be careful not to overtax yourself. Stay here for as long as you feel is necessary.” 

She understood, though it scarcely made her feel any better. “Thank you, sire.” 

Ezar’s mouth twisted, but he turned without another word and walked haltingly out of the room, leaning on his cane. Kareen watched him go, then fell back against the pillows with a wince and a sigh. She still felt frightened, but everything seemed oddly distant now, as though her brain had been hollowed out and filled with cotton stuffing. Perhaps it was the drugs. Perhaps her mind had finally broken under the strain of it all. 

With any luck, Alys would visit soon, and her smile would make things seem a little less bleak. 

 

4. 

Kareen looked down at the tiny bundle she held close to her chest, still overwhelmed by a mixture of relief and incredulity. That her son lay in her arms, alive, healthy and sleeping peacefully, seemed nothing short of a miracle. She knew she was supposed to be resting, but she was perfectly comfortable here on the sofa with a blanket tucked around her legs, and the new nurse was just a wristcom call away. There was only one, and she had been vetted by Negri and chosen by Kareen; the fewer people authorized to hold her son, the better. 

Ezar Gregor Vorbarra was not a large baby, and in fact weighed a little less than the Barrayaran average, but according to the doctor he had very long feet and would probably grow up to be quite tall one day. A sparse layer of black hair covered his tiny scalp. His eyes, when not scrunched closed, were blue, but Kareen knew from watching her nieces and nephew as infants that they would likely change color soon, whether to her dark brown or Serg's hazel she couldn't say. He had cried very little so far, and Kareen had scarcely been able to let him out of her sight.  

It was an enormous relief to simply be able to sit quietly by herself after the uproar of the last few days. She had known that the birth of an Imperial heir was traditionally a semi-public event, but nothing could have prepared her for the actual experience of having a baby in front of a roomful of Counts and ministers and assorted High Vor, mostly men she saw regularly and would have to face again soon. The doctors attending her were kind, familiar ones who did their best to keep her calm, but Kareen had still sobbed with relief when Countess Vorob’yev and Alys finally arrived to sit beside her, holding her hands and stroking her hair and offering comfort and encouragement as needed. She hadn’t seen her aunt in almost two years - Count Vorob’yev had never liked Vorbarr Sultana much, and after Ezar had responded to his concerns about Kareen by all but ordering him not to interfere, he’d shunned the capital entirely and deputized his vote to Sasha. 

Even after he was born, it had seemed like an eternity before Kareen was finally allowed to hold her baby. First the doctors had examined him to make sure he had no obvious problems, then they had handed him to his father. Kareen had been so exhausted that she had not been able to keep herself from crying at the sight, though no one in the room save Alys, Ezar, and Serg himself could know for certain that her tears weren’t simply due to some imbalance of hormones. 

Kareen had briefly met Serg’s eyes when he at last gave her the child, and the spark of anger in