anymore. He was a mess, in more ways than one, and he couldn't think of any way to fix anything. He was exhausted and messed up, and Gil was above him, hands touching his face with that weird lukewarm skin of his. "I'm pretty fucked up."

"We have time. I have time." The implication that Greg could have time, too, was there. Gil was kissing him again then, and Greg could only relax onto the cushions, let Gil come over him, let Gil touch him. It was as good as he remembered, even though he didn't want it to be.

"Gil... I..."

"Mm?" Just a quiet question, asked over another kiss against his mouth.

He didn't know. He couldn't say no, either; couldn't bring himself to do it, so he let his lips part and let Gil kiss him, teeth and all.

Teeth. He felt his tongue catch on one, and he recoiled even as Gil pressed him down against the mattress. It was enough to catch his attention, to make him give a noise of protest and turn his head away despite everything.

That was when Grissom growled, low in his throat. "Dammit. What's wrong?"

"Teeth." What the hell else was he supposed to say? Gil would know if he was lying, and Greg was shit for that. He wasn't going to hide this when he was already hiding so much.

"I won't bite you, I'm not going to hurt you. They're just... They're there." Like Gil was, part of him now, but it still made Greg's heart rate ratchet in fear.

He licked his lips and ducked his head, because even if he was terrified, this was what he was here for. He was whoring in a rather special kind of way now, and he was going to have to control himself, even if he didn't want to. "Okay. I just. I guess I wasn't prepared."

He needed to find a way to get Sheppard into the building. If Gil slept for once, before he did, that could solve that. "I wish you could enjoy this..."

"I can. I will. I need to..." Greg dropped his head back and closed his eyes, sighing and parting his legs to let Gil slide deeper between them. "Just let me learn."

"I can hardly remember the last time you said that." Learning. They'd done a lot of it, once, once upon a time, that seemed forever ago because it was. It was before everything went to hell, before he spent time doing things that would have made his mother sick to think of, just to eat, just to live. It was forever ago, when Gil cared enough about him that Greg didn't ever think he'd do anything like this.

"You mean with the chocolate pens?" He did his best to smile, to be valiant about it.

"Huh, that would be when." Gil smiled before leaning down and nipping gently at the line of his neck.

It scratched, tingled, and Greg couldn't help gasping, tipping his head back despite every instinct to do the exact opposite. Gil knew him, knew all of the ways to make him hot, and that faint scratchy nip had always been top of the list. He could come from it, Gil sucking, biting softly below his left ear, and wow, conditioned responses kind of sucked.

He was still conditioned to it, and Gil knew how to play him, how to do it so Greg went weak kneed, rubbery limbed against the mattress until fingers snuck down between his legs and palmed his dick through his clothes.

It made him pant, rocking up into Gil's touch, heat flushing through him. "Jesus," he mumbled, and turned his face to the side, closing his eyes. "Oh God."

He wasn't touched a lot in his profession, weirdly enough. Most johns expected him to do the touching, wanted him pre-lubed so they could stick it in, do their business and go. He was considered a prissy bitch on his street, because condoms were a necessity, not an option, but even with the world as fucked up as it was, Greg didn't have a death wish. Not in any way, shape or form. He didn't need whatever vampire version of AIDS had probably worked its way into humanity, even if he was going to get it now, and if getting fucked up the ass turned him, fuck. Fuck.

"Tell me that feels good. I want you to feel good."

"It feels good." It wasn't a lie, either, because it did, and Gil was nuzzling him, lapping at that one spot, and he couldn't help shaking, rocking up into the hand that was still stroking him. Gil's fingers were as clever as they