Como vai? (Port. How are you going) A letter or diacritic used to modify the sound associated with a letter. e, a, and h are often used as markers in English orthography. Marker letters are silent. mit/mite resume/resum e' caio/c h ow /p/ = signal or phoneme (refers to a sound) [p] = symbol or particular letter or letter combination, <particular spelling> *word = word reference as in *eel alt. "eel" Taging particular categories in a document, e.g., chapter head, break, bold,... A silent e used to mark a vowel that operates at a distance [fat/fat e ]. Most markers are next to the vowel they modify [mo a t]. The letter e after a consonant, or consonants, which lengthens a preceding vowel. A meaningful unit of a language that cannot be further divided. English morphemes include s (for plural) /dogz/ & /cats/ and [ed] for past tense /started, finisht/. Consistent morphemic spelling often misrepresents pronunciation as in checked/chekt Referring to a morpheme NES New Spelling notation Nu Folik New Follick (1934) Nue Speling New Spelling (ca. 1910) New English Spelling - refers to an update of New Spelling A simple consistent close-to-TO spelling scheme (see below) The representation of sounds by symbols. A means of transcribing spoken language into visual symbols. A variation on the spelling scheme developed by Mont Follick, MP. What English might look like if written in Spanish or Portuguese orthography. See also Spanglish . The spelling scheme, suggested by Ellis, that is the foundation for most phonemic spelling notations based on the principle of least disturbance (of traditional English spelling conventions) Extended vowels are written AE[ei] EE[i:] IE [ai] OE[ou] UE[ju] (NS[ipa]) orthographic orthography From The Devil's Dictionary by Ambrose Bierce Literally "right markings" or "right writng" The study or practice of correct spelling or writing. Can include the study of various rules and regularities and some grammar. That part of grammar that treats of the way a given language is written. The orthography is distinct from spoken language. English can be written in the orthography designed for Spanish. The problem with hitchhiking orthographies is mostly a problem of having sounds without associated symbols. Spanish has no symbol for the checked or short [i] or the initial sound in [the]. Orthography, n. The science of spelling by the eye instead of by the ear. Advocated with more heat than light by the outmates of every asylum for the insane... [ more ] palaeography palate (anat) parsing parts of speech pasigraphy phone phoneme phonemicity phonetic phonetic transcription phonemic transcription phonics phonogram plural polysemy polyvalent positional spelling pronunciation guide PV - Personal View The study of ancient writing and inscriptions The hard & soft bony structure forming the roof the mouth Parting, break into parts. The analysis and labeling of the gramatical elements of sentences also callled diagramming. A classification of words into groups displaying the same formal features - esp. related to inflection and distribution: verb, noun, adj. etc. Very large morphemic classes. Void of semantic content. The use of symbols between languages a particular occurence of a vowel or consonant A range of sounds that language users interpret as an instance of a discrete sound segment. The smallest contrastive unit of sound that distinguishes one word (meaning) from another. The extent to which spelling is a guide to pronunciation. TO has a low level of phonemicity compared to the Spanish orthographic system When the spelling of a word corresponds to its pronunciation A narrow detailed transcription that can distinguish regional accents A broad transcription that preserves only those distinctions that have semantic value for native languge users. Teaching reading by first introducing letter sounds (see whole word) A sound sign. e.g., a letter or word representing a sound. In an alphabetical system the phonograms represent letters. In a syllabary, the sound signs represent syllables. see hotsuma . The form of a word denoting more than one in number Many meanings, e.g. words such as fair, bar Many sound values. English (TO) contains letters associated with 14 different sounds. When the sound value of letters varies according to position in a word. See John Reilly on positional spelling. A guide often given in English dictionaries to show the sound of words. Most spelling reformers want to use a consistent spelling guide as for the writing system instead of TO. An SSS publication relating to a notational scheme or spelling reform proposal. The scheme is not necessarily endorsed by the society. It represents an individual's views. PV-7 Nu Folik RP - received pronunciation redundant reformed spelling regularity r-ending Roman Alphabet Standard English accent of the BBC and of Southern Britain A letter that does not contribute to the sound of a word Any spelling scheme that is more regular than TO The extent to which a sound is always represented by a spelling The use of r at the end of a word to indicate a vowel sound The 26 letters commonly used in Western Europe Rhotic A dialect or accent in which [r] is pronounced when it occurs bfore a consonant or a pause. Saund Spell schwa schwapostrophe script Shaw Alphabet short vowel silent silent e simplified spelling sound-symbol correspondence A strictly phonetic spelling scheme by Ian Ascott The indistinct unstressed vowel sound common in English An apostrophe used to represent a schwa A word with the same or similar meaning The visible part of a writing system. Another word for alphabet A novel alphabet designed for phonetic English writing The vowel sounds as in pat pet pit pot putt A letter used in the spelling of a word which is not pronounced Some silent e's are markers (fate) others are just hold overs (give) from a time when they had a function and were pronounced. The American name for the magic e Any spelling scheme that streamlines and simplifies TO The match, or lack of it, between sounds and letters a = /ae/, /a:/, /ei/, / ' /, ... The alphabetic ideal is to have one letter correspondent for each sound and one (and only one) sound (phoneme) for each letter (grapheme). Semite, Semitic spanglish speech recognition spell checker spelling SR-1 SS SSS stress surplus cut syllabic syllable symbol symbol-sound correspondence synonym A linguistic, not a racial, classification. The languages spoken in the Middle East since ancient times. Ancient Egyptian was a blend of west african (Hamitic) and Semitic. The early writing systems for these languages did not contain letters for vowels. chart Spanglish is a systematic and highly phonemic way of transcribing English speech. It is based on the ancient Saxon alphabet [900-1066] and the old practice of inserting trailing double consonants to mark short stressed vowels. The augmented Latin alphabet [sound-symbol correspondences] was used until the 15th c. when the pronunciaiton of the long vowels in many words changed. There was no corresponding change in spelling. This led to a divergence between spelling and pronunciation. There are two ways to represent each vowel in Spanglish: stressed or unstressed. Most one syllable words therefor have two possible spellings. e.g. aet or att, ej and edj. Spanglish is a parallel pronunciation guide spelling. Respelling is limited to words that cannot be understood when pronounced according to the values assigned in the Saxon alphabet. enough becomes enuff or enof. A computer program that checks spelling. It matches a letter configuration to letter configurations in memory and locates letter combinations that do not match. " Eye have a knew checker... " would not be corrected. The choice of which letters or symbols to combine to represent a word Spelling Reform - 1st Stage For Lindgren, e = /e/ head=hed Simpl Spel Â– The newsletter published by the SSS Simplified Spelling Society, UK (Ashton University) Some syllables in spoken English are stressed louder & clearer A spelling scheme by Valerie Yule that clips silent letters from TO Referring to a syllable Unit of pronunciation forming the whole or part of a word A letter or character or sign or combination used in writing The match, or lack of it, between letters and sounds in a word (see grapheme-phoneme correspondence) Two or more words with the same meaning or reference tense [vs. lax] grammar [past present-future] thesaurus TO -Traditional Orthography trigraph turned c turned a turned e [ '] typology Uni fon Unigraph Articulated with muscle tension or effort. Cf. fortis Contrast term: lax Gramatical time: variation in the morphological form of the verb [eg. -ed] Book that lists words in groups of synonyms The spelling system standardized about 1755 for English A combination of three letters denoting one sound, e.g. sch A spelling scheme by Tom Zurinskas based on New Spelling but using double consonants to show stress. The IPA symbol No. 5 for the sound in pot The IPA symbol for the schwa (unstressed central vowel, e.g. uh) Classification by type Unifon - an augmented alphabet devised by John Malone. 40 sound signs. Unifon means one sound and implies one sound per symbol A single letter or symbol denoting one sound. The name of a notational scheme that uses the upper case letters as new sound signs: A=ei, E=i: I,Y=ai, O=ou, U=ju. and eliminates most digraphs ( eg, Q=oi, T=th, G=ng) vowel semi-vowel vowel diagram A speech sound produced without any obstruction - different vowels are produced by altering the size and shape of various cavities through which air passes. A speech sound produced without any friction but similar to a consonant in marking syllable boundaries. English Y & W. Serb R. (see syllabic) A quadrilateral or trapezoid representing jaw, mouth, and tongue positions involved in the production of vowel sounds. Devised by Jones. WES World English Spelling whole word method word sign ( logogram ) A spelling scheme A way of teaching reading without reference to letter sounds See also look say method An irregular spelling such as the, me, to, of which is retained in a reformed spelling scheme. A symbol without a consistent sound association. In TO, the words [ the, of, and a ] are considered word signs due to their irregularity. They are often retained in otherwise phonemic and consistent notational systems such as anglic . Phonics Phonics does more than teach reading by the `sound of a word': it is a method of teaching reading and spelling by teaching all sound-symbol correspondences, from simple to complex, systematically and directly. It is important to insist that phonics relates sounds to written symbols - it needs to be distinguished from the current bandwagon of training in `phonemic awareness' BEFORE teaching letters. sitemap-linguistics The sitemap provides links to pages with detailed disucssions of many many of these terms This site of the Spelling Reform Ring is owned by steve bett [ Previo us 5 Sites | Previou s | Next | Next 5 Sites | | Random Site | List Sites ] To add to, comment on, or critique an entry in this glossary, contact Steve Bett This site of the Saundspel Ring is owned by steve bett [ Previo us 5 Sites | Previou s | Next | Next 5 Sites | | Random Site | List Sites ] COMMENTS I developed a more technical glossary of linguistics several years ago that few people ever used. The problem with narrow technical definitions such as "allophone --two more more forms of the same phoneme" is that they are clear only to those who already have the concept. Damian came up with a much better selection of terms and supplied his own down to earth definitions. His emailed glossary was the foundation for the current glossary. Since I added to, edited, and changed half of the entries that Damian supplied, I take responsibility for the errors. If you have something good to say about this list, directo those comments to Damian. -- Steve Bett sbett@mailcity.com I inadvertently failed to copy the names of the people who supplied these comments on the SSS Forum: -SB .............. I think allophone - An alternative, similar sound for the same spelling pattern - is wrong: it's nothing to do with spelling so not: "allophone An alternative, similar sound for the same spelling pattern" it's nearer to "a variation in the way in which a particular sound is pronounced, which carries no function in terms of distinguishing it from other sounds; for example 'l' in 'look' and 'little'". The Chambers dictionary definition is not really suitable for general discussion ("one of two or more forms of the same phoneme") ............... I'm not sure that a "free vowel" is always the same as a "long vowel"; it's more to do with syllable boundaries than length. In some languages it could well be the same thing, but I don't think it's automatic. ............... "inflection" need not be at the end of a word. Welsh for example changes the sound at the beginning of a word. ............... "ligature" I'd add "... to make a single character" .............. "logogram" could include as a more immediate example the ampersand "&" and all the numerals. .............. "Roman alphabet" - a possibly dodgy definition, since only English uses this set of 26! A more roundabout definition (ie one less vulnerable to pedants) might be "The 26 letters which form the basis of the alphabet used for Western European languages"? ............. perhaps you could add: "glide" - a sound that appears between two others as a side effect of the pronunciation, for example "lawR and order" (This is an important phenomenon that figures prominently in Taam's spellings, so could be worth including) See Truespel From John Reilly's website. Jonh is the new editor of the JSSS. http://pages.prodigy.net/aesir/iln.htm -------------------------------------- From "The Devil's Dictionary" by Ambrose Bierce (1842-1913?) Orthography, n. The science of spelling by the eye instead of by the ear. Advocated with more heat than light by the outmates of every asylum for the insane. They have had to concede a few things since Chaucer's day, but are none the less hot in defense of those to be conceded hereafter. "A spelling reformer indicted For fudge was before the court ci c ted. The judge said: 'Enough-- His candle we'll sn o u gh , And his sepulchre shall not be whi c ted.'" In Spanglish: What is the last word? "A spelling reformer indaited For fudj waz befor the cort saited The judj sed: "enuff-- Hiz candl wiel snuff, And his sepulkr shaal not bi hwaited." RITE has a different way of handling /ai/ A better example of this design latin-1 Steve web hosting &bull; domain names &bull; web design online games &bull; online dating &bull; long distance digital cameras &bull; advertising online   --> 

web hosting	 domain names	 email addresses	 			

.alpha-index 

Terms used in the discussions of spelling & orthographic reform	 Inspired by         Damian Bonsall   URL  http://www.unifon.org/glos-spel.html 
Formatted by     Steve Bett            webpages at sitemap-linguistics 
Updated by        Saundspel & SSSlist [simplified spelling] discussion groups 
To Join              Register at the SpelreformRing or email glos-spel.html 	
Term to be defiined	 |A|B| C|D| E| F|G|H| I |J|K| L| M| N|O| P|Q|R|S|T|U|V|W|X|Y|Z|	 
accent  
  

accusative  
  

ALC fonetic  
212-781-0099 
  
  
  

allophone*  
  
  
  

alphabet 

A collection of 
sound signs linking  
visible marks  
to speech sounds 
  

Roman alphabet  
  
  
  
  

Adoption of the  
Roman letters 
  
  
  

alphabetic 	 The mode of utterance peculiar to an individual or locality, indlcuing stress, tone and pitch. [see dialect] 

the grammatical case with expresses the destination of the ation signified by a verb. 

A spelling scheme promoted by the American Literacy Council.  Fonetic is derived from WES and related to New Spelling.  Electronic text can be easily converted to fonetic using the BTRSPL converter which is available on the web. There are more than 10,000 digitized books on the web and any one of them can be quickly converted to ALC's American Spelling using the converter. (See Rondthaller & Lias. 1986. The Dictionary of Simplified American Spelling) 

A variation in pronunciation that is still close enough to be interpreted as an instance of a particular phoneme.  An insignificant variation.  A difference in pronunciation such as the sound of L in "look" and "little" which is ignored by language users.  

An ordered set of symbols used as sound signs. The alphabet was invented only once and was spread by the Phoenician traders and others throughout the world. The Semites were inspired by the Egyptian writing system (esp. middle Egyptian, 1200 bc)  which made limited use of  sound signs (phonograms) mostly for proper names. Egyptian sound signs were not ordered.  The standardizing the arrangement of 22 semitic symbols allowed it to be used as a number system. The alphabet doubled as a number system for the Phoenicians and the Greeks - the 8th letter in classical Greek,  eta (eituh), is associated with eight (eit) and H (eich), originally a squared off 8. 

The 26 letters which form the basis of the alphabet used for most Western European languages. Late arrivals include  j, k, u, and w.  J used to be an alternate i and y was a slighty different sound.  v and u were used for the same sound until the 16th century.  The distinction between f and v also occured at this time. 

The Roman letters were adopted for English in the 8th century.  By the 10th century, English had a consistent augmented Latin alphabet. 25% of the consistency was lost after the conquest of the Norman French.  Another 30% was lost with the great vowel shift in the 15th century. Modern spelling dates from about 1755.  By this time only 40% of the writing system was consistent with the alphabet.  

A writing system is alphabetic when the graphemes (shapes or letters) refer to specific phonemes (sounds).  The traditional English writing system, which was standardized at the word level around 1755, is about 40% alphabetic, 10% morphemic, and 50% chaotic.  See syllabary and logogram.  English (circa 1000 AD) was once about 90% alphabetic and on par with other roman based writing systems that have undergone several reforms to keep spelling aligned with pronunciation. In unreformed writing systems, words are often spelled as they were pronounced a 1000 years ago.  Greek, English, and Icelandic are examples.    have=hah-vuh	 
alphabetic order  
  
  

alternation  

altscript  
  

anglic  

ASCII(Am Std. Code)	 A traditional order or arrangement  of symbols (letters) once used as a numbering system by the Semites and Greeks. This conventional order has changed very little over the past 3,000 years.  

Substitution of one letter for another, e.g. i for y  

A spelling scheme using positional spelling  by John Reilly  
[hyly] for /haili/ is an example.  See also snapscript and OGD. 

A variation of New Spelling published by Zachrissen (ca. 1950) 

The standard character set used in computer text files and email containing 26 lower case and 26 upper case letters without diacritics. ASCII also contains  punctuation marks and numerals. 
(See Latin 1 for any special characters used in other orthographies)	 
BTRSPL 
  
  

Broad romic 
  
  
  

Broad transcription 
 	 A program that converts text from TO to reformed orthography.  The name, betrspl, is an abbreviation for better spelling.  Alan Mole is the principle author of BTRSPL.  

An IPA based phonemic notational system that uses the roman character set plus a few special characters (such as the turned e, c, and a or digraphs)  to represent 41 to 46 phonemes.  Sweet's broad romic used traditional continental sound values.  Such a transcription is not quite precise enough to fully distinguish dialects (see diaphonic) 

A phonetic transcription of a particular dialect is a narrow transcription. A broad transcription would tend to ignore regional pronunciation differences. (see phonemic)	 
category  
  
  

character  
character set  

Checked Vowel 
  
  
  

Checked Clipped Spelling  
Chekt Klipt Speling CKS 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

cognate  

consonant  
  

corpus  

creole 
  

cut speling 	 A range of instances treated as equivalent for some purpose.  A phoneme is a category - different sounds that are treated as equivalent by a language community. A grapheme is a category.  Categories are abstractions.  One can only see or hear instances.  You cannot hear a phoneme. 

A letter or digit or symbol  
A collection of letters and symbols - usually restricted  

A vowel that is always followed by a consonant and is therefore short. When a free vowel comes before a consonant, its duration is about as short as a checked (short) vowel (eg, mad, made).  
In TO, checked vowels are often marked with a double consonant. (madden) 

A space efficient IPA based spelling scheme by Steve Bett.  
CKS is an attempt to build an ASCII pronunciation guide for English which can be read by anyone versed in TO.  (Cf. free vowel) 
Chekt speling iz an a'tempt tu bild an ASCII pro.nu'nsie5n gyd for ingli5 wi.ch kan bi red by eniwa'n v'rst in TO.  Spanglish iz an atempt tu bild a pronunciacion gaid wich 

Having the same linguistic family or derivation  

A speech sound produced by partial obstruction of the air stream  
with one or more of the mobile articulaters in the mouth: lips, tongue, ... 

a body of writings referred to by lexicographers 

 a pidgin which has been adopted as a mother tongue. New Guinea tok pidgin English is the best known example.  

An unsystematic or non-phonemic spelling scheme by Chris  
Upward which fixes 75% of the problems with English spelling by removing silent, redundant, and superfluous letters. Word patterns are largely undisturbed. See Valerie Yule's surplus cut spelling	 
diacritic  
  
  
  

diaphone 
  

diaphonic  

dictionary  (lexicon)  
  

digraph  

diphthong  
dyslexia  
dyslexic	 An accent mark  indicating a change in a letter's sound value or stress  
An effective way to deal with the shortage of sound signs in ASCII. 
Latin 1 options include diresis, ring, grave, and acute markers. 
a mark added to a letter or symbolindicating a change in its usual pronunciation. e.g. e e e 

all the different forms of a phoneme that collectively occur in all the dialects of a lnaguage. 

A broad (as opposed to a narrow) transcription of sounds  

An alphabetical list of words and meanings.  TO dictionaries also include a pronunciation guide which is absent in dictionaries in most other languages 

Two letter combinaions representing one sound, e.g. sh,  ph (phone), ee  

A blend of two vowel phonemes. e.g. oi  (see glide) 
Profound difficulty in acquisition of literacy  
A person with dyslexia 	 
elide, elision  

etymological  
etymology 
extended vowel 
Fanetik 
font  
free vowel 	 The omission of a spoken vowel or syllable  

Referring to the origin of words  
The study of the origin of words  
A long vowel sound, e.g. ee, aa or oo.  Often includes diphthongs. 
A phonemic spelling scheme  
A typeface in a particular size and weight - e.g. Arial 8  pt. italic  
A vowel that can occur at the end of a word.  (Cf. checked vowel)  
 	 
grapheme 
  
  

glottal 
glottal stop [ipa ?] 
glottis	 A category that may include several different shapes but referencing but one phoneme (e.g., G, g, g ) One of several shapes understood as being equivalent in terms of reference.  (see phoneme)  Smallest contrastive unit in a writing system 

sounds made in the larynx by narrowing the glottis, whisper 
The audible release of a closure of the glottis: bottle-bot'l-bo?l 
The aperture between the vocal folds (cords) deep in the throat (larynx)	 
heterograph  
heterophone  
homograph  
homonym  
homophone 	 Words with the same sound, spelt differently  
Words that sound differently, but are spelt the same  
Words spelt the same, but different meaning or sound or both  
Words that sound or appear the same, but differ in meaning  
Words that sound the same, but differ in meaning or spelling 	 
illiteracy  
inflection 
irregular	 The inability to read and write functionally  
An affix that signals a chanage in a grammatical relationship such as tense, mood, etc.  Usually a change in a word ending [-s, -ed, -ing].  (gram) 
2. A change in voice pitch (phonetics). 
a linguistic form that is an exception to a pattern or stated rule	 
Initial Teaching Alphabet  

International Phonetic  
Alphabet (IPA, IFA)  
  
  
  

Interspel  
IPA 
ITA 	 A system devised to help children to read (paedography). Pitman's augmented roman alphabet used as an initial teaching medium. (see ITA) 

A notational scheme developed in 1890's by Passy and Jones for use by linguists as a standard means of graphically representing spoken languages.  IPA uses the roman alphabet as a starting point and augments it as needed with rotated characters and special symbols.  IPA can be used for a broad or narrow transcription of a language.  
A pragmatic spelling scheme by Valerie Yule  
International Phonetic Alphabet  
Initial Teaching Alphabet, a system devised by Sir James Pitman. It was heavily used in the schools in the late 1960's particularly in the UK.  ITA is based on New Spelling and uses a special font to augment the roman character set.  ITA uses 40+ graphemes. 
Reference:  Pitman, James and St. John, Reading & Alphabets	 
JSSS 	 Journal of the Simplified Spelling Society - a scholarly journal that publishes research on orthographic change and spelling reform. 	 
Latin 1  
  
  
  

letter 

lexical  
lexicon 
lexicography  

ligature  
  

linguistic(s)              .  

literacy  
  

literal 

logogram  
  
  

logographic	 An augmented character set that includes every letter used in the orthographies of any European language.  Available in HTML. 
æ  å  à  ì   î   è  é  ò  ù    ñ are some of the characters available in the Latin 1 character set. 

a mark or glyph used in an alphabetic writing system to indicate a sound. 

Referring to words  
The vocabulary of a language, esp. in dictionary form. 
The compiling of dictionaries  

a written or printed symbol in which 2 or more letters are joined (e.g., ae) 
ITA used ligatures for digraphs that designate a sound distinct from the component letters. ch does not = c + h. (see illustration) 

Pertaining to language or the study of languages (tongues) lingua 

The ability to read and write functionally.  The ability to read and comprehend a newspaper is considered the threshold of literacy.  

The usual or conventional meaning of a word.  cf. figurative 

A word mark or word sign. Can be comprehended without a particular phonographic rendering.  4 is a logogram.   The phonetic interpretation of a logogram will be different in different languages. 4-SALE would be read as "quatro sahleh" in Spanish.  (see numbers as sound signs) 

Chinese is often referred to as a logographic writing system.  Chinese ideograms usually refer to words or concepts although they often contain some phonographic clues. [ref: deFrancis, Visible Language]	 
Lojicon -logical consonants  
Lojikon  
long vowel 	 A spelling scheme based on consistent use of consonants  
Logical Icons - A pictographic script  
Since northern European languages usually have 12 pure vowels and use a character set containing only 5 vowel letters, the same letter is used to denote at least two vowel sounds: a long and short sound.  Linguists refer to the long vowels as a:, e:  i:  o:  and u:.  Reading teachers often use a set that includes diphthongs:  /ei/ ay, /i:/ ee, /ai/ eye, /ou/ owe, and /ju/ you. 	 
machine translation 
  
  

marker 
  

marking conventions 
  
  

markup 

magic e  
  
  
  

morpheme  
  
  

morphemic 	 Automated (computer aided) translation. Paste in the text in one language, get back equivalent text in another language.  Available on the web at Alta Vista.  How are you? --> Como vai? (Port. How are you going) 

A letter or diacritic used to modify the sound associated with a letter. e, a, and h are often used as markers in English orthography. Marker letters are silent.  mit/mite  resume/resume'  caio/chow  

 /p/ = signal or phoneme (refers to a sound)  
 [p] = symbol or particular letter or letter combination, <particular spelling> 
*word = word reference as in *eel   alt.  "eel" 

Taging particular categories in a document, e.g., chapter head, break, bold,... 

A silent e used to mark a vowel that operates at a distance [fat/fate].  Most markers are next to the vowel they modify [moat].  The letter e after a consonant, or consonants,  which  lengthens a preceding vowel.  

A meaningful unit of a language that cannot be further divided.  English morphemes include s (for plural) /dogz/ & /cats/ and [ed] for past tense /started, finisht/.  Consistent morphemic spelling often misrepresents pronunciation as in checked/chekt  
Referring to a morpheme	 
NES  
New Spelling  
notation  
  

Nu Folik  
New Follick (1934) 
  

Nue Speling  
New Spelling (ca. 1910)  
 	 New English Spelling - refers to an update of New Spelling 
A simple consistent close-to-TO spelling scheme  (see below) 
The representation of sounds by symbols.  A means of transcribing spoken language into visual symbols.  

A variation on the spelling scheme developed by Mont Follick, MP. What English might look like if written in Spanish or Portuguese orthography. See also Spanglish. 

The spelling scheme, suggested by Ellis, that is the foundation for most phonemic spelling notations based on the principle of least disturbance (of traditional English spelling conventions)  Extended vowels are written  AE[ei]  EE[i:]  IE [ai]  OE[ou]  UE[ju]    (NS[ipa])	 
orthographic  
orthography  
  
  
  
  
  

From The Devil's Dictionary 
by Ambrose Bierce  
 	 Literally "right markings" or "right writng"  
The study or practice of correct spelling or writing.  Can include the study of various rules and regularities and some grammar.  That part of grammar that treats of the way a given language is written. The orthography is distinct from spoken language.  English can be written in the orthography designed for Spanish.  The problem with hitchhiking orthographies is mostly a problem of having sounds without associated symbols. Spanish has no symbol for the checked or short [i] or the initial sound in [the].  

Orthography, n. The science of spelling by the eye instead of by the ear. Advocated with more heat than light by the outmates of every asylum for the insane... [more]	 
palaeography 

palate  (anat) 

parsing 
  

parts of speech 
  

pasigraphy 

phone 
phoneme  
  
  

phonemicity  
  

phonetic  

phonetic transcription 
phonemic transcription 

phonics 

phonogram 
  
  

plural  
polysemy  
polyvalent  
  

positional spelling  
  

pronunciation guide  
  
  

PV  - Personal View 	 The study of ancient writing and inscriptions 

The hard & soft bony structure forming the roof the mouth 

Parting, break into parts. The analysis and labeling of the gramatical elements of sentences also callled diagramming. 

A classification of words into groups displaying the same formal features - esp. related to inflection and distribution: verb, noun, adj. etc. Very large morphemic classes. Void of semantic content. 

The use of symbols between languages 

a particular occurence of a vowel or consonant 
A range of sounds that language users interpret as an instance of a discrete sound segment. The smallest contrastive unit of sound that distinguishes one word (meaning) from another.  

The extent to which spelling is a guide to pronunciation. TO has a low level of phonemicity compared to the Spanish orthographic system 

When the spelling of a word corresponds to its pronunciation  

A narrow detailed transcription that can distinguish regional accents 
A broad transcription that preserves only those distinctions that have semantic value for native languge users.  

Teaching reading by first introducing letter sounds (see whole word) 

A sound sign.  e.g., a letter or word representing a sound.  In an alphabetical system the phonograms represent letters.  In a syllabary, the sound signs represent syllables.  see hotsuma. 

The form of a word denoting more than one in number  
Many meanings, e.g. words such as fair, bar  
Many sound values.  English (TO) contains letters associated with 14 different sounds.  

When the sound value of letters varies according to  
position in a word.  See John Reilly on positional spelling.  

A guide often given in English dictionaries to show the sound of words.  Most spelling reformers want to use a consistent spelling guide as for the writing system instead of  TO.  

An SSS publication relating to a notational scheme or spelling reform proposal. The scheme is not necessarily endorsed by the society. It  represents an individual's views.  PV-7 Nu Folik 
 	 
RP - received pronunciation  
redundant  
reformed spelling  
regularity  
r-ending  
Roman Alphabet 	 Standard English accent of the BBC and of Southern Britain  

A letter that does not contribute to the sound of a word  
Any spelling scheme that is more regular than TO  
The extent to which a sound is always represented by a spelling  
The use of r at the end of a word to indicate a vowel sound  
The 26 letters commonly used in Western Europe  

Rhotic A dialect or accent in which [r] is pronounced when it occurs bfore a consonant or a pause.	 
Saund Spell  
schwa 
schwapostrophe  
script  
Shaw Alphabet  
short vowel  
silent  
silent e  
  
  

simplified spelling  
sound-symbol correspondence 	 A strictly phonetic spelling scheme by Ian Ascott  
The indistinct unstressed vowel sound common in English  
An apostrophe used to represent a schwa  
A word with the same or similar meaning  
The visible part of a writing system.  Another word for alphabet  
A novel alphabet designed for phonetic English writing  
The vowel sounds as in pat pet pit pot putt  
A letter used in the spelling of a word which is not pronounced  
Some silent e's are markers (fate) others are just hold overs (give) from a time when they had a function and were pronounced. 
The American name for the magic e  
Any spelling scheme that streamlines and simplifies TO 
The match, or lack of it, between sounds and letters  
a =  /ae/, /a:/, /ei/, /'/, ... The alphabetic ideal is to have one letter correspondent for each sound and one (and only one) sound (phoneme) for each letter (grapheme).	 
Semite, Semitic 
  
  
  

spanglish 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

speech recognition 
  

spell checker  
  

spelling  

SR-1  
SS  
SSS  
stress  
surplus cut  
syllabic  
syllable  
symbol  

symbol-sound  
   correspondence  

synonym 	 A linguistic, not a racial, classification.  The languages spoken in the Middle East since ancient times.  Ancient Egyptian was a blend of west african (Hamitic) and Semitic. The early writing systems for these languages did not contain letters for vowels.  chart 

Spanglish is a systematic and highly phonemic way of  transcribing English speech.  It is based on the ancient Saxon alphabet [900-1066] and the old practice of inserting trailing double consonants to mark short stressed vowels.  The augmented Latin alphabet [sound-symbol correspondences] was used until the 15th c. when the pronunciaiton of the long vowels in many words changed.  There was no corresponding change in spelling.  This led to a divergence between spelling and pronunciation.  There are two ways to represent each vowel in Spanglish: stressed or unstressed.  Most one syllable words therefor have two possible spellings.  e.g. aet or att,  ej and edj.  Spanglish is a parallel pronunciation guide spelling.  Respelling is limited to words that cannot be understood when  pronounced according to the values assigned in the Saxon alphabet.  enough becomes enuff or enof. 

A computer program that checks spelling.  It matches a letter configuration to letter configurations in memory and locates letter combinations that do not match.  " Eye have a knew checker..." would not be corrected. 

The choice of which letters or symbols to combine to represent a word  

Spelling Reform - 1st Stage  For Lindgren, e = /e/  head=hed 
Simpl Spel Â– The newsletter published by the SSS  
Simplified Spelling Society, UK (Ashton University)  
Some syllables in spoken English are stressed louder & clearer  
A spelling scheme by  Valerie Yule that clips silent letters from TO  
Referring to a syllable  
Unit of pronunciation forming the whole or part of a word  
A letter or character or sign or combination used in writing  

The match, or lack of it, between letters and sounds in a word  
(see grapheme-phoneme correspondence)  

Two or more words with the same meaning or reference	 
tense [vs. lax] 
grammar [past present-future] 

thesaurus  
TO -Traditional Orthography 

trigraph 

turned c  turned a 
turned e ['] 
typology  

Unifon 

Unigraph	 Articulated with muscle tension or effort. Cf. fortis  Contrast term: lax 
Gramatical time: variation in the morphological form of the verb [eg. -ed] 
  

Book that lists words in groups of synonyms  
The spelling system standardized about 1755 for  English  

A combination of three letters denoting one sound, e.g. sch 

A spelling scheme by Tom Zurinskas based on New Spelling but using double consonants to show stress.  

The IPA symbol No. 5  for the sound in pot 
The IPA symbol for the schwa (unstressed central vowel, e.g. uh)  
Classification by type  

Unifon - an augmented alphabet devised by John Malone. 40 sound signs. 
Unifon means one sound and implies one sound per symbol 

A single letter or symbol denoting one sound.  The name of a notational scheme that uses the upper case letters as new sound signs: A=ei, E=i: I,Y=ai, O=ou, U=ju. and eliminates most digraphs ( eg, Q=oi,  T=th, G=ng) 
 	 
vowel  
  
  

semi-vowel 
  

vowel diagram  
 	 A speech sound produced without any obstruction - different vowels are produced by altering the size and shape of various cavities through which air passes. 

A speech sound produced without any friction but similar to a consonant in marking syllable boundaries. English Y & W.  Serb R.  (see syllabic) 

A quadrilateral or trapezoid representing jaw, mouth, and tongue positions involved in the production of vowel sounds.  Devised by Jones.	 
WES World English Spelling 

whole word method  
  

word sign (logogram)	 A spelling scheme  

A way of teaching reading without reference to letter sounds  
See also look say method 

An irregular spelling such as the, me, to, of  
which is retained in a reformed spelling scheme.  
A symbol without a consistent sound association.  In TO, the words [the, of, and a ] are considered word signs due to their irregularity. They are often retained in otherwise phonemic and consistent notational systems such as anglic.	 
Phonics 

 	 Phonics does more than teach reading by the `sound of a word': it is a method of teaching reading and spelling by teaching all sound-symbol correspondences, from simple to complex, systematically and directly.  

It is important to insist that phonics relates sounds to written symbols - it needs to be distinguished from the current bandwagon of training in `phonemic awareness' BEFORE teaching letters.	 
 sitemap-linguisticsThe sitemap provides links to pages with detailed disucssions of many many of these terms 

This site of the  
Spelling Reform Ring 
is owned by steve bett 	[ Previo us 5 Sites | Previou s | Next | Next 5 Sites | 
| Random Site | List Sites ] 	

To add to, comment on, or critique an entry in this glossary, contactSteve Bett 
  
  

This site of the  
Saundspel  Ring 
is owned by steve bett 	[ Previo us 5 Sites | Previou s | Next | Next 5 Sites | 
| Random Site | List Sites ] 	

---------------------------------------------------------------------

  
COMMENTS 

I developed a more technical glossary of linguistics several years ago that few people ever used.  The problem with narrow technical definitions such as "allophone --two more more forms of the same phoneme" is that they are clear only to those who already have the concept. Damian came up with a much better selection of terms and supplied his own down to earth definitions.  His emailed glossary was the foundation for the current glossary.  Since I added to, edited, and changed half of the entries that Damian supplied, I take responsibility for the errors.  If you have something good to say about this list, directo those comments to Damian. -- Steve Bett  sbett@mailcity.com 

I inadvertently failed to copy the names of the people who supplied these comments on the SSS Forum:  -SB 
.............. 
I think allophone -  An alternative, similar sound for the same spelling pattern - is wrong: it's nothing to do with spelling so not: "allophone An alternative, similar sound for the same spelling pattern" it's nearer to "a variation in the way in which a particular sound is pronounced, which carries no function in terms of distinguishing it from other sounds; for example 'l' in 'look' and 'little'". The Chambers dictionary definition is not really suitable for general discussion ("one of two or more forms of the same phoneme") 
............... 
I'm not sure that a "free vowel" is always the same as a "long vowel"; it's more to do with syllable boundaries than length. In some languages it could well be the same thing, but I don't think it's automatic. 
............... 
"inflection" need not be at the end of a word. Welsh for example changes the sound at the beginning of a word. 
............... 
"ligature" I'd add "... to make a single character" 
.............. 
"logogram" could include as a more immediate example the ampersand "&" and all the numerals. 
.............. 
"Roman alphabet" - a possibly dodgy definition, since only English uses this set of 26! A more roundabout definition (ie one less vulnerable to pedants) might be "The 26 letters which form the basis of the alphabet used for Western European languages"? 
............. 
perhaps you could add: "glide" - a sound that appears between two others as a side effect of 
the pronunciation, for example "lawR and order" 
(This is an important phenomenon that figures prominently in Taam's spellings, so could be worth including)  See Truespel 

From John Reilly's website. 
Jonh is the new editor of the JSSS. 
http://pages.prodigy.net/aesir/iln.htm 
-------------------------------------- 

From "The Devil's Dictionary" 
by Ambrose Bierce (1842-1913?)  

     Orthography, n. The science of spelling by the eye instead of by the ear. Advocated with more heat than light by the outmates of every asylum for the insane.  

They have had to concede a few things since Chaucer's day, but are none the less hot  
in defense of those to be conceded hereafter.  

     "A spelling reformer indicted 
     For fudge was before the court cicted. 
     The judge said: 'Enough-- 
     His candle we'll snough, 
     And his sepulchre shall not be whicted.'"  
  

In Spanglish: What is the last word? 

"A spelling reformer indaited 
For fudj waz befor the cort saited 
The judj sed: "enuff-- 
Hiz candl wiel snuff, 
And his sepulkr shaal not bi hwaited." 

RITE has a different way of handling /ai/ 

A better example of this design   latin-1  

Steve 
 	 

  

web hosting &bull; domain names &bull; web design
online games &bull; online dating &bull; long distance
digital cameras &bull; advertising online
 

