

PRESS RELEASE

 

For Immediate Release

 

 

Elsevier Science widens the scope of Scirus

 

Amsterdam, September 21, 2001 - Elsevier Science, the leading international publisher of scientific information, announced it has widened the scope of its Scirus search engine to include searches for patents from the databases of the United States Patent Trademark Office (USPTO). This extra functionality is part of a new release of the powerful science specific search tool. The new version contains significant enhancements aimed at providing Scirus users with even greater search options. These include a sort by date function, extra searchable subject areas and a tool for finding scientific conferences and abstracts. 

 

Thanks to a link up with the USPTO, Scirus will now cover more than 650,000 patents.

The new release of the search engine contains a tool for searching the USPTO databases of granted patents and published patent applications. Information can be gathered on US patents issued since 1976, including bibliographic data, abstracts, and invention and claims details. 

 

Scirus users can now receive results sorted by date and have four more subject areas to search for information on – psychology, language and linguistics, law and sociology. They can also use Scirus to search for science-related conferences and abstracts. In addition, the “more like this” tool has now been set up to provide narrower and more focused results. Improvements to the email results tool and the FAQ’s section are further useful enhancements to the search engine.

 

To coincide with the new version of Scirus, Elsevier has launched an affiliate programme, offering web site owners the chance to add the Scirus search tool to their home pages for free. In exchange for adding Scirus to their site, web site owners get a tailor-made tool for meeting the research needs of their visitors, enhancing user experience and encouraging repeat visits.

 

About Scirus

 

Scirus is the most comprehensive science specific search engine available on the Internet. Driven by the latest in search engine technology, it covers more than 60 million science-related pages and can pinpoint precise scientific information that other search engines can not reach, including pdf files and peer reviewed articles. It was launched in April 2001 by Elsevier Science (www.elsevier.com), the world’s largest scientific, technical and medical information provider, and is part of the ScienceDirect® family of products. 

 

# # #

 

Contact:  

 

Sandra de Gelder

Elsevier Science

+31 (0)20 485 3851

s.gelder@elsevier.nl

