

  	

3.1 “Occlusives”

The “occlusives” require a complete closure of the speech canal, not just a restriction. This distinguishes them from the continuants.

The “occlusion” is twofold:

* the airstream is halted by a sudden closure in the speech canal; 
* the trapped air is freed by abruptly releasing the closure. 

3.1.1 Oral Stops (Oral Plosives)

You can hear each sound by clicking on the appropriate paragraph title.

Voiceless bilabial stop. The lips are pressed tightly together (see figure 3.1 below). There exists a corresponding lax articulation that is one of the spirants.

Figure 3.1: bilabial stop 

Voiced bilabial stop. Same as above, but with vibration of the vocal cords. The corresponding bilabial nasal is usually voiced as well. There is also a corresponding lax articulation that is one of the spirants.

Voiceless dental or alveolar stop. The tongue makes contact with the front teeth or with the alveolar ridge directly above them (see figure 3.2 below). There exists a corresponding lax articulation that is one of the spirants.

Figure 3.2: dental or alveolar stop 

Voiced dental or alveolar stop. Same as above, but with vibration of the vocal cords. The corresponding dental or alveolar nasal is usually voiced as well. There is also a corresponding lax articulation that is one of the spirants.

Voiceless retroflex stop. The tongue curves up and back so that its tip or its underside makes contact with the roof of the mouth (see figure 3.3 below). (Warning! Do not confuse this symbol with that of the ordinary voiceless dental or alveolar stop!)

Figure 3.3: rétroflex stop 

Voiced retroflex stop. Same as above, but with vibration of the vocal cords. The corresponding retroflex nasal is usually voiced as well.

Voiceless palatal stop. The tongue tip is directed down towards the lower teeth, while the tongue body makes contact with the hard palate (see figure 3.4 below). (It is important to distinguish between the true palatal articulation and that of a dental + [j].)

Figure 3.4: palatal stop 

Voiced palatal stop. Same as above, but with vibration of the vocal cords. The corresponding palatal nasal palatale is usually voiced as well.

Voiceless velar stop. With the tongue tip resting against the lower teeth, the back of the tongue makes contact with the soft palate (see figure 3.5 below).

Figure 3.5: velar stop 

Voiced velar stop. Same as above, but with vibration of the vocal cords. The corresponding velar nasal is usually voiced as well.

Voiceless uvular stop. The tongue tip remains placed against the lower teeth, and the tongue body is raised far enough back to make contact with the soft palate near the uvula (see figure 3.6 below).

Figure 3.6 : uvular stop 

Voiced uvular stop. Same as above, but with vibration of the vocal cords. The corresponding uvular nasal is usuall voiced as well.

Glottal stop. The glottal stop is produced either by the suddent opening of the glottis under pressure from the air below, or by the abrupt closure of the glottis to block the airstream. The glottal stop is always voiceless, as the complete closure of the vocal cords precludes their vibration.

3.1.2 Nasals

Back to the table

 	 
Dernière mise à jour: 03..11.02. Page maintenue par Benoit Curdy	 

  			

