

PRESS RELEASE

For Immediate Release

 

Elsevier Science Launches Scirus.com 

The First Comprehensive Search Engine Dedicated to Science

Amsterdam, April 1, 2001 Â– Elsevier Science, the leading international publisher of scientific information, announced the launch of Scirus (www.scirus.com) Â– a search engine dedicated to science Â– as part of the ScienceDirect® family of products. Scirus is the world's most comprehensive search engine specifically designed for finding highly relevant scientific information. Using the latest in search engine technology Â– developed by Fast Search & Transfer, ASA (FAST) Â– Scirus pinpoints both free and access-controlled scientific information sources that conventional, generic search engines cannot find. 

"We supply a tailor-made tool specifically for the scientist," said Derk Haank, CEO Elsevier Science. "It really fulfills the desire of scientists to put important refereed research in the context of everything else thatÂ’s available. People donÂ’t like to search in boxes Â– they want to search the universe. The way I see it, Scirus is a targeted entrance to the universe." 

Scirus searches the whole world-wide-web, including access-controlled sites. It currently covers more than 60 million science-related pages and is capable of reading non-text files in formats such as PDF and Postscript. Scirus yields more precise results because it indexes complete documents. It can direct users to more peer-reviewed articles than any other search engine.

Scirus is powered by the same core technology behind FASTÂ’s AllTheWeb.com, the worldÂ’s freshest and most comprehensive search engine. Scirus also leverages specialized linguistic search algorithms specifically designed to target scientific content. FAST is providing hosting services for the Scirus search engine.

The Internet has revolutionized the research process. Scientists and researchers have a whole new set of expectations for information delivery. Scientists around the world tested the beta version in months preceding the launch of Scirus. Their feedback was used to create a user experience specifically tailored to meet the needs of scientists. 

"The advantages of being able to find large amounts of information using general search engines are counteracted by the potential of a tremendous loss of precision," said Dr. Franz Guenthner, Professor at Ludwig-Maximilians University in Munich, Germany. "Leveraging FAST search technology, Scirus bridges this gap by providing Â– in a common index Â– the possibility of querying both web documents and access controlled material through the same search window." 

In addition to scientific information that is freely available on the Web, Scirus will cover Elsevier ScienceÂ’s leading information resources: ScienceDirect, BioMedNet and Chemweb. Elsevier Science is currently in final negotiations with other scientific publishing companies to make their proprietary databases searchable through Scirus.

Scirus is also available as a Web search capability on ScienceDirect (www.sciencedirect.com), complementing both its breadth of scientific literature and the scientific content available via its extensive linking capabilities. 

About Fast Search & Transfer ASA

Fast Search & Transfer ASA (FAST) powers the "information-on-demand" economy through a powerful platform of search and real-time filter solutions. FAST technology unlocks the ever-expanding volume of information on the wired and wireless Internet, and within enterprise networks and intranets. AllTheWeb.com, FASTÂ’s showcase product, is the worldÂ’s most comprehensive and freshest Internet search engine. Information-on-demand market leaders relying on FAST's highly scalable offerings include Reed Elsevier, Dell, Ericsson, KPNQwest, LookSmart, Lycos and TIBCO Software. Shares in FAST are traded OTC in Oslo, Norway.

About Elsevier Science 

Elsevier Science (www.elsevier.com) is the worldÂ’s largest scientific, technical and medical information provider, publishing journals as well as books and secondary databases. ScienceDirect offers its subscribers desktop access to the full text of nearly 1,200 journals, representing more than 3 million full-text articles, published by Elsevier Science and other leading STM publishers. Elsevier Science is part of the Reed Elsevier plc group (www.reedelsevier.com), a leading international publisher and information provider. Operating in the scientific, legal and business-to-business industry sectors, Reed Elsevier provides information solutions to professional end users, with increasing emphasis on the Internet as a delivery method. 

# # #

Contacts: 

Paula Reeves&#9;Sandra de Gelder

Purple Cow&#9;Elsevier Science

+31-(0)20-3051382&#9;+31-(0)20-4853851

paula@purple-cow.com&#9;s.gelder@elsevier.com

