  

last update: 
8 MAR 01 	

UPML

Unified Problem-solving Method description Language 

 	 

News 	Ibrow 	Tools 	Web syntax 	Papers 	

News

  
Full Protégé support for UPML is available now! 

During the 14 Feb meeting in Melton Keynes we decided to stack to RDF component markup to be done by the Protégé tool. Hence, you may use it to encode your libraries and do not care about their DTD/XMLS representations. 	 
Deliverable 5: UPML version 2.0, release.  

Web syntax for UPML

Full Deliverable 	 DTD 	
XML Schema 	
RDF Schema 	
WordDocument or PDF 	UPML 2.0 
UPML 2.0 p 	UPML 2.0 	UPML 2.0 	

If you downloaded XML/XSD/DTD/RDF file and see nothing, then try to select 'View'|'Page Source' in your browser 
XSL stylesheet for visualization of the Protégé-UPML RDF output. 	 
top 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Ibrow Project

Project title: An Intelligent Brokering Service for Knowledge-Component Reuse on the World-Wide Web 

Project number: IST-1999-19005 

Keywords: World-Wide Web brokering service, Knowledge-based Systems, Problem-solving methods, Ontologies 

Objectives and approach

The objective of IBROW is to develop intelligent brokers that are able to distributively configure reusable components into knowledge systems through the World-Wide Web. The WWW is changing the nature of software development to a distributive plug & play process, which requires a new kind of managing software: intelligent software brokers. 

Results

Part of IBROW is the development of the The Unified Problem-solving Method Development Language UPML. UPML has been developed to describe and implement such architectures and components to facilitate their semiautomatic reuse and adaptation. Spoken in a nutshell, UPML is a framework for developing knowledge-intensive reasoning systems based on libraries of generic problem-solving components. UPML provides a Protégé-based editor for writing specifications. top 

Tools for UPML

  
Protégé support for UPML.	 
We used Protégé-2000 to develop the meta-ontology of UPML and a graphical editor for creating instances of UPML specifications. Background and download information on Protégé can be found here. We defined the meta-ontology of UPML in Protégé as a hierarchy of classes, with slots and facets attached to them. Then, we customized the knowledge acquisition tool generated by Protégé to create the  UPML editor for authoring instances of UPML specifications. For example, we defined specific kinds of diagrams to enter the task decomposition of a complex PSM and the structure of its corresponding operational control. Finally, we entered the specification of the case study of D. Fensel et al.: The Unified Problem-solving Method description Language UPML. Using Protégé-2000's support for RDF(S), we can also generate RDF documents out of UPML specifications. 

This work helped us better identify the concepts and relations of UPML necessary to provide a guided framework for defining UPML specifications. Besides further experimenting UPML usability by creating additional instances of problem-solving components, we are currently developing a PSM browser and editor as a plug-in to Protégé. top 

Papers on UPML

Dieter Fensel, V. Richard Benjamins, Stefan Decker, Mauro Gaspari, Rix Groenboom, William Grosso, Mark Musen, Enrico Motta, Enric Plaza, Guus Schreiber, Rudi Studer, and Bob Wielinga: The Component Model of UPML in a Nutshell. In WWW Proceedings of the 1st Working IFIP Conference on Software Architectures (WICSA1) , San Antonio, Texas, USA, February 1999.

Problem-solving methods provide reusable architectures and components for implementing the reasoning part of knowledge-based systems. The Unified Problem-solving Method description Language UPML has been developed to describe such architectures and components to facilitate their semiautomatic reuse and adaptation. This paper sketches the components and connectors provided by UPML. 
Dieter Fensel, V. Richard Benjamins, Stefan Decker, Mauro Gaspari, Rix Groenboom, W. Grosso, Enrico Motta, Enric Plaza, Guus Schreiber, Rudi Studer, Bob Wielinga: The Unified Problem-solving Method description Language UPML. ESPRIT Report.

Problem-solving methods provide reusable architectures and components for implementing the reasoning part of knowledge-based systems. The Unified Problem-solving Method description Language UPML has been developed to describe such architectures and components to facilitate their semi-automatic reuse and adaptation. UPML descriptions are used by an intelligent brokering service for knowledge-component reuse on the World-Wide Web. This paper describes the architecture style and the language primitives and semantics of UPML. 
Dieter Fensel, V. Richard Benjamins, Enrico Motta, and Bob Wielinga: UPML: A Framework for knowledge system reuse. In Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on AI (IJCAI-99), Stockholm, Sweden, July 31 - August 5, 1999.

Problem-solving methods provide reusable architectures and components for implementing the reasoning part of knowledge-based systems. The Unified Problem-solving Method Development Language UPML has been developed to describe and implement such architectures and components and to facilitate their semiautomatic reuse and adaptation. Spoken in a nutshell, UPML is a framework for developing knowledge-intensive reasoning systems based on libraries of generic problem-solving components. The paper describes the components and adapters, architectural constraints, development guidelines, and tools provided by UPML. Our focus is hereby on the meta ontology that has been developed to formalize the architectural structure and elements of UPML. top 

Maintained by Borys Omelayenko 