Internet Mathematics Contest

The first two contests are over. These are the details of the third contest.

Challenging, interesting problems motivate much of my exploration of mathematics. I have collected problems which should be suitable for a wide range of those interested in mathematics. I am unsatisfied with the quantity and formats of the most popular mathematics competitions, so I have decided to promote these problems by organizing a contest.

Who is eligible: 
Anyone without a degree in mathematics, computer science, or a natural science at the Bachelor's (4 year) level or higher is eligible. Further, those who do have such a degree but are under 21 years of age as of January 1, 1998 are eligible to compete. 

The prizes: 
At the moment I will guarantee USD500 for 1st prize. I'm looking for a sponsor. I reserve the right to declare that there is no winner if every entry is unsatisfactory (scoring fewer points than the number of vertices in the answer to the last problem), in which case I will donate the money to charity. Please feel free to submit solutions and questions about the problems even if you do not feel you have a chance to win the contest.

The problems:
 The problems are drawn from draft 8 of my collection of motivational problems in mathematics. These are 60 problems of widely varying difficulties. Some are doable in under a minute while some are likely to take hours of thought. Some are phenomenological while others are abstract. The statements of the problems are intentionally specific; more advanced or stronger students should find exploring the generalizations of the given problems challenging.

I chose 20 of these problems to count toward the contest. These are not necessarily the hardest or most important of the problems, but I want to cut down on the amount of time required. I hope that this does not discourage people from working on the other 40. This also allows me to write up my solutions to some of the other problems without worrying about being fair to all participants. 

The contest problems are those numbered 3, 5, 7, 10, 13, 14, 19, 21, 24, 29, 33, 41, 42, 44, 46, 51, 52, 54, 57, and 59.

Scoring: 
I don't like arbitrary systems, so I'll try to make this simple and as easy on me as possible: 
1 point for each problem as stated submitted by the deadline. 
1 point for a solid generalization. 
1 point for a generalization on the level of original research. 
The level of proof is that you need to convince me that you can make the argument rigorous.

The deadline: 
Solutions must be sent to me by June 1, 1998. I welcome early, partial submissions and will return those with feedback. I will try to announce the winner as soon as possible after receiving the entries; I don't know how many people will participate, so I cannot estimate how long scoring will take.

Collaboration and use of other sources: 
Please use the library, internet, and discussions with mathematicians; a lot can be learned in this way. (Readers of sci.math might note that I have posted a few solutions. I have also posted problems and solutions on my door in Avery house.) You should indicate any non-textbook sources in a scholarly fashion. Scoring standards will be raised accordingly, but the point is to learn. 

If anything here needs clarification, if you need technical assistance getting the problems, or if you have any comments, please e-mail me at zare@math.columbia.edu or snail to
 Douglas Zare
509 Mathematics
Columbia University
New York, NY 10027

To the introduction to the problems 

All problems/Contest problems 

Back to my home page.

Last modified 11/19/99. 