Are You Wanted by the Recording Industry? By Chris Sherman , Associate Editor August 11, 2003 Concerned that information about your file-sharing user name may have been subpoenaed by the Recording Industry Association of America? Check this database to see if you're a potential target. Ever since Napster made it easy for music lovers to share files, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has been on a crusade to put an end to what they allege is illegal file sharing. The RIAA successfully sued Napster, resulting in the demise of the popular service. The battle has escalated this year, with the RIAA shifting its targets from companies to individual users. On June 25, 2003, the RIAA announced that it will begin suing users of peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing systems beginning at the end of August. Targets of RIAA actions are users of services like Grokster, Morpheus, KaZaA, Aimster, Gnutella, and others. According to the RIAA, it plans to selectively target users who upload or share "substantial" amounts of copyrighted music. How does the RIAA identify those users? By using software that scans users' publicly available P2P directories, and then identifies the ISP of each user. Then, under the provisions of the controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), the RIAA subpoenas ISPs for each user's name, address, and other personal information. The RIAA will then sue those individuals. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is helping users deal with the draconian tactics of the music industry cartel. It has created a Subpoena Database that lets you check the user names and IP addresses used on a file sharing service against a database of those user names specified in hundreds of subpoenas the RIAA issued to Internet Service Providers (ISPs). "The recording industry continues its futile crusade to sue thousands of the over 60 million people who use file sharing software in the U.S.," said EFF Senior Intellectual Property Attorney Fred von Lohmann. "We hope that EFF's subpoena database will give people some peace of mind and the information they need to challenge these subpoenas and protect their privacy." "EFF is also documenting the scope of privacy invasions committed by the RIAA," explained EFF Staff Attorney Jason Schultz. "EFF's subpoena database will help document the damage done to innocent people misidentified as copyright infringers in the RIAA's overzealous campaign." If you're a user of a P2P system, it's important to realize that these systems are legal, and using them is not a crime, despite the RIAA's heavy-handed tactics. If you are a P2P user, take a look at How Not to Get Sued by the RIAA for File Sharing . If you feel you've been wrongly targeted by the RIAA, visit the Subpoena Defense Alliance , a joint project of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the US Internet Industry Association and other organizations that began in April of 2003. Its purpose is to assist consumers and Internet Service Providers who have been served subpoenas seeking the identity of customers who use the Internet for private communications. What's Your IP Address? An IP address is a unique identifier used by your computer to let it communicate with other computers on the Internet. It's similar to a telephone number. Your browser announces your computer's IP address to every web site it visits, as does file sharing software. This is how the recording industry is developing its set of targets. You can find out what your own computer's IP address is by visiting a browser header check utility. This shows all of the information your browser reveals to sites you visit. Note: If you're on a network, behind a firewall, or use a large ISP, your IP address may be temporary, assigned only for your current online session. Search Headlines NOTE: Article links often change. In case of a bad link, use the publication's search facility, which most have, and search for the headline. ISPs unite against RIAA attacks ... Netimperative Aug 11 2003 12:59PM GMT Can't spot a spoof? Meet Google ... Guardian Unlimited Aug 11 2003 11:31AM GMT Yahoo chief executive gains $ 11 million ... SiliconValley.com Aug 11 2003 10:32AM GMT Google pulls AdSense feature after backlash ... Netimperative Aug 11 2003 9:34AM GMT Ask Jeeves Drops Butler in New Ad Campaign ... SiliconValley.com Aug 11 2003 7:33AM GMT Search Engine For JavaScript ... Research Buzz Aug 11 2003 6:21AM GMT Saudis Restrict Internet To Stop Al Qaida ... Middle East Newsline Aug 11 2003 3:51AM GMT Google ads a threat to eBay trademark? ... ZDNet Aug 10 2003 11:40PM GMT DMA-Delayed Best Practices Skirt Spam, Permission Issues ... Boston.Internet.com Aug 9 2003 3:54AM GMT Google girds for big challenge as its influence widens ... Singapore Business Times Aug 8 2003 11:40PM GMT TV: the Next Portal War ... Internet News Aug 8 2003 6:03PM GMT Do Not Spam list and filtering firms join hands ... The Register Aug 8 2003 4:02PM GMT New top-level domain goes .pro ... ZDNet Aug 8 2003 11:09AM GMT Reed Elsevier, the unsung star of the internet revolution ... Independent Aug 8 2003 2:21AM GMT SearchDay Archives Search Engine Watch www.searchenginewatch.com Danny Sullivan, Editor; Chris Sherman, Associate Editor Jupitermedia is publisher of the internet.com and EarthWeb.com networks. Copyright 2004 Jupitermedia Corporation All Rights Reserved. Legal Notices ,   Licensing , Reprints , & Permissions ,   Privacy Policy .   --> 

Members Area With Exclusive Content 

Already a member? 

Learn about the benefits: 
 	  

>> Departments	 

Search Engine Submission Tips	 

Web Searching Tips	 

Search Engine Listings	 

Reviews, Ratings & Tests	 

Search Engine Resources	 

SearchDay	 

Search Engine Report	 

Members Area	 

>> Site Info	 

Advertising Info	 

About The Site	 

Site Map	 

>> Search 
Members Area
 Free Area 	
Search Engine Watch
is part of

The Internet & IT Network
 
internet.commerce	 
Search Optimization 
Free Virus Scan 
Promote Your Website 
Tech Magazines - FREE 
Reference Library 
Digital Camera Deals 
Best Fruit Baskets 
Compare Prices & Shop 
Send a Press Release 
Payment Solutions 

internet.com	 
      Developer
DevX
Downloads
EarthWeb
Graphics
Interactive Marketing
International
Internet Lists
Internet News
Internet Resources
IT
Linux/Open Source
Small Business 
Windows Technology
Wireless Internet
xSP Resources 

Search internet.com
Advertise
Corporate Info
Newsletters
Tech Jobs
E-mail Offers
 	

More resources from internet.com:

Ad Resource
 ArtToday.com
 ChannelSeven
 ClickZ
 CyberAtlas
 Advertising Report
 Jupiterdirect
 InternetPRGuide
 NewMedia
 Refer-it
 SEMList
 SearchEngineWatch
 TurboAds
 WirelessAdWatch
 	

Search Engine Watch's conference on search engine marketing comes to:
 • March 1 - 4, 2004 New York, NY
• April 20 - 21, 2004 Tokyo, Japan
• May 11 - 12, 2004 Toronto, Canada
• June 2 - 3, 2004 London, England
• August 2 - 5, 2004 San Jose, CA
            	      
    

>> Search Engine Watch Marketplace	 

Sign-up for Mamma's non-bidded PPC Program 	
The Best SEO Software: Free Download! 	

Drive targeted traffic to your web site 	
Want More Customers? Click Here! 	

GUARANTEED inclusion- all major engines! 	
Reach nearly 70% of all search traffic! 	

Search Engine Optimization Tools and Services 	
Search Engine Marketing Services Free Report 	

Unleash the Revenue Potential of Your Website 	
Find quality traffic and sales here! 	

>> Search Engine Newsletters	     
   FREE!
Over 150,000 readers depend on our free newsletters to keep up with search engines. To join them, enter your email below:
                    
                Daily         Monthly
                        Learn more about the newsletters                 	    
 	  
 	
  
    
   >> 	   	    
      Online Search Industry Research    

Get deep analysis and actionable advice from expert analysts

>> Search Engine Research Reports	     
      Search Engine Watch publisher Jupitermedia offers research reports and briefing papers on various topics about search engines.
       	    
 	  
 	     
   

Are You Wanted by the Recording Industry?

By Chris Sherman, Associate Editor
August 11, 2003 

Concerned that information about your file-sharing user name may have been subpoenaed by the Recording Industry Association of America? Check this database to see if you're a potential target.

Ever since Napster made it easy for music lovers to share files, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has been on a crusade to put an end to what they allege is illegal file sharing. The RIAA successfully sued Napster, resulting in the demise of the popular service.

The battle has escalated this year, with the RIAA shifting its targets from companies to individual users. On June 25, 2003, the RIAA announced that it will begin suing users of peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing systems beginning at the end of August. 

Targets of RIAA actions are users of services like Grokster, Morpheus, KaZaA, Aimster, Gnutella, and others. According to the RIAA, it plans to selectively target users who upload or share "substantial" amounts of copyrighted music. 

How does the RIAA identify those users? By using software that scans users' publicly available P2P directories, and then identifies the ISP of each user. Then, under the provisions of the controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), the RIAA subpoenas ISPs for each user's name, address, and other personal information. The RIAA will then sue those individuals. 

The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is helping users deal with the draconian tactics of the music industry cartel. It has created a Subpoena Database that lets you check the user names and IP addresses used on a file sharing service against a database of those user names specified in hundreds of subpoenas the RIAA issued to Internet Service Providers (ISPs). 

"The recording industry continues its futile crusade to sue thousands of the over 60 million people who use file sharing software in the U.S.," said EFF Senior Intellectual Property Attorney Fred von Lohmann. "We hope that EFF's subpoena database will give people some peace of mind and the information they need to challenge these subpoenas and protect their privacy." 

"EFF is also documenting the scope of privacy invasions committed by the RIAA," explained EFF Staff Attorney Jason Schultz. "EFF's subpoena database will help document the damage done to innocent people misidentified as copyright infringers in the RIAA's overzealous campaign." 

If you're a user of a P2P system, it's important to realize that these systems are legal, and using them is not a crime, despite the RIAA's heavy-handed tactics. If you are a P2P user, take a look at How Not to Get Sued by the RIAA for File Sharing. 

If you feel you've been wrongly targeted by the RIAA, visit the Subpoena Defense Alliance, a joint project of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the US Internet Industry Association and other organizations that began in April of 2003. Its purpose is to assist consumers and Internet Service Providers who have been served subpoenas seeking the identity of customers who use the Internet for private communications.

What's Your IP Address? 

An IP address is a unique identifier used by your computer to let it communicate with other computers on the Internet. It's similar to a telephone number. 

Your browser announces your computer's IP address to every web site it visits, as does file sharing software. This is how the recording industry is developing its set of targets. 

You can find out what your own computer's IP address is by visiting a browser header check utility. This shows all of the information your browser reveals to sites you visit. 

Note: If you're on a network, behind a firewall, or use a large ISP, your IP address may be temporary, assigned only for your current online session. 

Search Headlines

NOTE: Article links often change. In case of a bad link, use the publication's search facility, which most have, and search for the headline. 

ISPs unite against RIAA attacks...
Netimperative   Aug 11 2003 12:59PM GMT 	

Can't spot a spoof? Meet Google...
Guardian Unlimited   Aug 11 2003 11:31AM GMT 	

Yahoo chief executive gains $11 million...
SiliconValley.com   Aug 11 2003 10:32AM GMT 	

Google pulls AdSense feature after backlash...
Netimperative   Aug 11 2003 9:34AM GMT 	

Ask Jeeves Drops Butler in New Ad Campaign...
SiliconValley.com   Aug 11 2003 7:33AM GMT 	

Search Engine For JavaScript...
Research Buzz   Aug 11 2003 6:21AM GMT 	

Saudis Restrict Internet To Stop Al Qaida...
Middle East Newsline   Aug 11 2003 3:51AM GMT 	

Google ads a threat to eBay trademark?...
ZDNet   Aug 10 2003 11:40PM GMT 	

DMA-Delayed Best Practices Skirt Spam, Permission Issues...
Boston.Internet.com   Aug 9 2003 3:54AM GMT 	

Google girds for big challenge as its influence widens...
Singapore Business Times   Aug 8 2003 11:40PM GMT 	

TV: the Next Portal War...
Internet News   Aug 8 2003 6:03PM GMT 	

Do Not Spam list and filtering firms join hands...
The Register   Aug 8 2003 4:02PM GMT 	

New top-level domain goes .pro...
ZDNet   Aug 8 2003 11:09AM GMT 	

Reed Elsevier, the unsung star of the internet revolution...
Independent   Aug 8 2003 2:21AM GMT 	

SearchDay Archives

Search Engine Watch 
www.searchenginewatch.com
Danny Sullivan, Editor; Chris Sherman, Associate Editor
     Jupitermedia is publisher of the internet.com and EarthWeb.com networks. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright 2004 Jupitermedia Corporation All Rights Reserved.
Legal Notices,  Licensing, Reprints, & Permissions,  Privacy Policy. 

