...the trailing edge. Taking the long view since 2003 « Cover songs | Main | Drunken abstracting » December 16, 2003 On productive political discussion The signal-to-noise ratio of political blogs and Usenet political newsgroups would soar if their participants would remember this simple point : The world is full to the gills with stupid people who say awful things on the Internet. Pointing this out doesnÂ’t constitute a political argument. One of the downsides of the multitude of social cliques that David Brooks enthuses about is that (as Brooks himself notes) we need know nothing about the people in the cliques we don't belong to. We make this problem even worse if, when we do choose to engage the people and ideas of another clique, we engage the worst people and the nonsensical arguments of that clique rather than its best people and its compelling arguments. I speak from sad experience when I say: Self-respect gained so cheaply is worth little. Posted by Steve at December 16, 2003 05:55 PM | TrackBack Comments Obviously, this very good point is amplified ten-fold when the subject is faith/religion... Posted by: scott at January 15, 2004 09:10 AM Post a comment Name: Email Address: URL: Remember personal info? Yes No Comments:   --> 

...the trailing edge.

Taking the long view since 2003 « Cover songs | Main | Drunken abstracting » December 16, 2003

On productive political discussion

The signal-to-noise ratio of political blogs and Usenet political newsgroups would soar if their participants would remember this simple point:

The world is full to the gills with stupid people who say awful things on the Internet. Pointing this out doesnÂ’t constitute a political argument.
 

 One of the downsides of the multitude of social cliques that David Brooks enthuses about is that (as Brooks himself notes) we need know nothing about the people in the cliques we don't belong to.

We make this problem even worse if, when we do choose to engage the people and ideas of another clique, we engage the worst people and the nonsensical arguments of that clique rather than its best people and its compelling arguments.

I speak from sad experience when I say: Self-respect gained so cheaply is worth little.

Posted by Steve at December 16, 2003 05:55 PM | TrackBack Comments 

Obviously, this very good point is amplified ten-fold when the subject is faith/religion...

Posted by: scott at January 15, 2004 09:10 AM Post a comment  Name:   Email Address:   URL:  Remember personal info? YesNo Comments: 