--> --> By machiavelli on Wednesday, June 04, 2003 - 06:50 am feminism has been interpreted many ways. some to the degree of being laughed at. for example, some feminists believe that if womyn finally dominate, they should stop reproducing.... but wasnt feminism all about a voice? wasnt it about equality and not superiority? in the 21st century r we still lacking rights for womyn?? r people still degrading womyn because of biological differences....? By lynn baker on Friday, June 20, 2003 - 10:52 am Of course women are still being degraded. Of course women are still not being paid what men are. Of course women are still seen and being the property of their husbands and boyfriends. Of course women are still being battered and raped every few seconds by the men in their lives. Outside of the right to vote and the right to have a job while you raise the children, not much has changed in the last 100 years. Feminism still has a long way to go. Until feminism makes itself available to women of uneducated, poor and non-white women, not much is going to change. By EYE on Friday, June 20, 2003 - 11:46 am Lynn : I agree with most of what you have said. But married women who leave the home to work while she has little children is contributing to the things you have mentioned. Married women have a job at home raising their children, teaching them right from wrong. Teach them that wife beating ,verbal abuse and a host of other things is wrong. One example of poorly raised boys which really burns me is the one who piss over the toilet seats in public washrooms. Somebody didn't do their job with this kind of person. Kids who are left alone at home do not respect parents , if you only see them first thing in the morning and the last thing at night, you can't expect them to take direction from you just cause you drop into their lives periodically.They are basically raising themselves. Make a choice , man or wife should be full time parent who is home full time , till child is well versed in responsibilities and behavior that you want that child to grow up to be. Uneducated , poor and non-white is not an excuse to raise children who do not respect women or anyone else for that matter. Add a Message This is a private posting area. A valid username and password combination is required to post messages to this discussion. Username: Password: Program Credits   --> 

.................... 	

Discussion Forums: Sex & Sexuality: FEMINISM - a pointless theory, or is there a significant point? 
By machiavelli on Wednesday, June 04, 2003 - 06:50 am	

feminism has been interpreted many ways. some to the degree of being laughed at. for example, some feminists believe that if womyn finally dominate, they should stop reproducing.... 
but wasnt feminism all about a voice? wasnt it about equality and not superiority? 
in the 21st century r we still lacking rights for womyn?? r people still degrading womyn because of biological differences....? 

By lynn baker on Friday, June 20, 2003 - 10:52 am	

Of course women are still being degraded. 
Of course women are still not being paid what men are. Of course women are still seen and being the property of their husbands and boyfriends. Of course women are still being battered and raped every few seconds by the men in their lives. 
Outside of the right to vote and the right to have a job while you raise the children, not much has changed in the last 100 years. 
Feminism still has a long way to go. 
Until feminism makes itself available to women of 
uneducated, poor and non-white women, not much is going to change. 

By EYE on Friday, June 20, 2003 - 11:46 am	

Lynn : I agree with most of what you have said. 
But married women who leave the home to work while she has little children is contributing to the things you have mentioned. 
Married women have a job at home raising their children, teaching them right from wrong. Teach them that wife beating ,verbal abuse and a host of other things is wrong. 
One example of poorly raised boys which really burns me is the one who piss over the toilet seats in public washrooms. Somebody didn't do their job with this kind of person. 
Kids who are left alone at home do not respect parents , if you only see them first thing in the morning and the last thing at night, you can't expect them to take direction from you just cause you drop into their lives periodically.They are basically raising themselves. 
Make a choice , man or wife should be full time parent who is home full time , till child is well versed in responsibilities and behavior that you want that child to grow up to be. 
Uneducated , poor and non-white is not an excuse to raise children who do not respect women or anyone else for that matter. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Add a Message

This is a private posting area. A valid username and password combination is required to post messages to this discussion.	 
Username:	 	 	 
Password:	 			

Program Credits 

 

 

