

Authentic Russian recipes, Cuisine and Cooking

  	

   Home   	   Recipes   	   Shopping   	   Articles   	   Newsletter   	   Forums   	   GuestBook   	   Links   	 	

 	 	

View 		Register 		Profile 		Preferences 		Search 		Private Messages 		Memberslist 		FAQ 		 	 

RusCuisine.com Forums ask questions, make suggestions, post recipes or just exchange friendly greetings. 

You are not logged in. Login. 	   		

Forum Index Â» Â» Trifling Â» Â» Need advice 	

Need advice

pennyd
Junior member
Joined: Sep 23, 2003
Posts: 1
From: USA
 	Posted: 2003-09-23 13:44  &nbsp
 I have to russian young ladies staying in my home as foreign exchange students. They have brought me a present that I cannot identify that maybe someone can help me with. It looks like a bottle of red wine, but they tell me its medicinal and for your health. The label (in english alphabet for the russian letters) says NPHKAMCKHH. If you have an idea please let me know.

   	
Tim
Forums administrator
Joined: Jun 24, 2001
Posts: 89
From: Moscow, Russia
 	Posted: 2003-09-24 03:59  &nbsp
 The name looks like a puzzle I have no idea, but if you could ask the Russian ladies to pronounce the medicine name in Russian and post it here again written in English letters but sounded like in Russian, I would maybe help you.

   	
cafetorium
Member
Joined: Oct 28, 2003
Posts: 24
From: England
 	Posted: 2003-10-28 10:58  &nbsp
 The name doesn't look pronounceable to me, even if I try and guess the Russian letters that you meant. 
From their description, it souds like an Elixir to me. The word elixir is pronounced very similarly in Russian, (ee-lick-seer) so ask the ladies if that's what it is. 
I have 3 different bottles of elixir, named Demidovsky, Kedrovit and Altaysky. 
I was given them as a gift and told that a teaspoonful every day in a cup of tea will maintain good health. 

   	
Anonymous
Unregistered User	Posted: 2003-10-28 11:29  &nbsp
 This sounds like something I was given as a gift while visiting my girlfriend's family in Rostov. They called it "Black Doctor" - it's a strong red wine - slightly sweet and comes in a similar bottle to red wine. The closest thing I know in the West are fortified wines. Her family recommended that I take it when I have a cold in the winter because it is famous for warming your blood. Try it next time you have a cold - as with a lot of Russian food and drink, it's unusual and an acquired taste but I like it.

   	

      	 	  
Select a Forum
  
 
 
Cooking forums
 
----------------
 
Russian cuisine
 
Ukranian cuisine
 
My Georgia
 
Chef's cooking
 
Recipe exchange
 
 
 
Other
 
----------------
 
Trifling
 
Shopping
 
Russian kids and happy meals
 

Home | Recipes library | Submit recipe | Shopping | Articles | Subscribe for recipes | Newsletter archive | Measures conversion | Discussion forums | Guestbook | Links | 	

  By Olga & Yuri Timokhin.
  © 1999-2004, RusCuisine.com	 hotlog_js="1.1";hotlog_r+="&j="+(navigator.javaEnabled()?"Y":"N") 	
