Windows XP SPK2 firewall on messenger off... I guess this will be an effort by Microsoft to overcome user apathy when it comes to security related issues... dakach 2003-10-30T07:39:30-06:00 --> Search CompHobby.org Archives January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 Recent Entries Setting up for future offshore migrations or a charitable act.... The web can be dangerous and it is not getting any better... A little site stuff..... From ExtremeTech and Jim Lynch Yuck please make them stop.... First you hear about it and then you don't see it... FM radio broadcaster paranoia Microsoft: We took MikeRoweSoft too seriously On the eve of his assassination he spoke... New email nastiness usual tactics.. It's about time.... Personal Firewall Day..... File trading lawsuits coming to the UK maybe? Kodak dumping "film based" cameras in the US, Canada, and Western Europe... Microsoft stll hasn't addressed IE phishing vunerability............ Need a (blacklist) try mine if you like... Need some malicious files try Kazaa SCO approached Google about Linux license Trojan poses as a Windows Update My wife is fat, the kids are lazy, I smoke to much and it is your fault.... What is going to happen in 2004 More SCO stuff.. What has been happening site and personal stuff... In my home state tonight... BloGTK cool tool for Linux Bloggers Living on the Linux side of the hard disk for a few days Novell says just SCO away... Phishing scams up 400% Hope everyone had a great Christmas.. Litigation not inonovation the apparent motto at SCO if you won't buy our products we'll sue you for using theirs... Another wrinkle in the file trading lawsuits fiasco Spammers hit them where it hurts.... Walmart is testing the online music downloads biz.. Bush signs antispam legislation yesterday.... Not hiding anymore and appearing very human.. An online whodunit for free........ Downloading legal uploading isn't and fees will be levied on certain medias the ruling in Canada Some spammers might go to the slammer.... IE bug makes sites look real..... The government seems to have the same apathy as many home users but they did get a D which is up from a F Congress OKs antispam legislation Coke Enters the Music Business A Utah judge tells SCO reveal disputed code in 30 days.. If you ever possessed anything worth having we are pretty sure you stole it from us... Governing the internet we can agree to disagree... Well LSU gots in while USC gets screwed BCS standings.. LSU vs USC in New Orleans for number #1.. if I get a vote that's mine. Taking a break....be back Sunday Cybersecurity task forces push for results so far though a closed source affair..... The acid test for RUSH an off topic post...   --> « What's been up lately | Main | Gator is now Claria » 

Tech/Fan sites Home PC Security Build a PC Home Networking PC Definitions cexx.org/adware OC Ware HardOCP AnandTech Toms Hardware Tech Report Extreme Tech Ars Technica Geek.com AMDZONE PCMechanic OS LINKS MacSlash LINUX BSD Resources WINDOWS OS News DSL/CABLE SpeedGuide.net DSLReports.com NAVAS GROUP Free/Share/Ware WebAttack NO NAGS News/Editorials The Register The Inquirer Robert Cringely NewsFactor Blogs feeds webgrits Da Goddess andersja's blog David Galbraith Secular Blaspemy Geek News Central Security Security Focus NIPC CERT Online Shopping PRICEWATCH iBuyernet EBAY Satire/Diversions The Onion The Sneeze Webmassacring asp cgi php html perl javascript DIYwebserver Your Site Your site here

blacklist.txt

October 30, 2003

Windows XP SPK2 firewall on messenger off...

I guess this will be an effort by Microsoft to overcome user apathy when it comes to security related issues as they inch ever closer to automatic updates on by default.

Microsoft announced that it will disable its Windows Messenger service and activate the Internet Connection Firewall (ICF) in the Windows XP Service Pack 2 upgrade due in the first half of 2004. "Microsoft is committed to making Windows more secure," Amy Carroll, director of product management for Microsoft's Security Business Unit, told NewsFactor.

Source: Newsfactor Network

Posted by dakach at 07:39 AM | TrackBack ( 0 ) 

Comments enter your name or any information you want or don't enter anything but your comment.
Comments are open no personal information is required. URLs are auto linked and open in a new window. Email addresses are not linked and only used if additional disscussion is requested in the comment body... an example of this would be.. please email me with more information about this post.... otherwise email addresses are deleted from the archives.

Post a comment

Name:   Email Address:   URL:  Remember personal info? YesNo Comments: 	SearchCompHobby.org   Archives January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 Recent Entries Setting up for future offshore migrations or a charitable act.... The web can be dangerous and it is not getting any better... A little site stuff..... From ExtremeTech and Jim Lynch Yuck please make them stop.... First you hear about it and then you don't see it... FM radio broadcaster paranoia Microsoft: We took MikeRoweSoft too seriously On the eve of his assassination he spoke... New email nastiness usual tactics.. It's about time.... Personal Firewall Day..... File trading lawsuits coming to the UK maybe? Kodak dumping "film based" cameras in the US, Canada, and Western Europe... Microsoft stll hasn't addressed IE phishing vunerability............ Need a (blacklist) try mine if you like... Need some malicious files try Kazaa SCO approached Google about Linux license Trojan poses as a Windows Update My wife is fat, the kids are lazy, I smoke to much and it is your fault.... What is going to happen in 2004 More SCO stuff.. What has been happening site and personal stuff... In my home state tonight... BloGTK cool tool for Linux Bloggers Living on the Linux side of the hard disk for a few days Novell says just SCO away... Phishing scams up 400% Hope everyone had a great Christmas.. Litigation not inonovation the apparent motto at SCO if you won't buy our products we'll sue you for using theirs... Another wrinkle in the file trading lawsuits fiasco Spammers hit them where it hurts.... Walmart is testing the online music downloads biz.. Bush signs antispam legislation yesterday.... Not hiding anymore and appearing very human.. An online whodunit for free........ Downloading legal uploading isn't and fees will be levied on certain medias the ruling in Canada Some spammers might go to the slammer.... IE bug makes sites look real..... The government seems to have the same apathy as many home users but they did get a D which is up from a F Congress OKs antispam legislation Coke Enters the Music Business A Utah judge tells SCO reveal disputed code in 30 days.. If you ever possessed anything worth having we are pretty sure you stole it from us... Governing the internet we can agree to disagree... Well LSU gots in while USC gets screwed BCS standings.. LSU vs USC in New Orleans for number #1.. if I get a vote that's mine. Taking a break....be back Sunday Cybersecurity task forces push for results so far though a closed source affair..... The acid test for RUSH an off topic post... 	
