 

Xp pro boot problem

Forums > SOFTWARE > Operating Systems > Xp pro boot problem Search Forums: Read With Formatting  |  Join The Community, Free!  |  Read Related Topics 

Operating Systems Thread: Xp pro boot problem sm007j2I was wondering if anyone could help me with this. Windows gets to the screen that says windows did not load fully and you can choose safe more, load normally, etc. Whatever option I choose, the HD led just flashes for a brief moment the abrubtly stops and the os does not continue to load. I even tried a fresh install of xp, but it started doing it again. Could anyone give me any advice as to the causes/solutions to this problem. Thanks a lot. Become A Member, Free! Xp pro boot problemOCAKatanaFresh install of windows, without ANYTHING else? So no drivers, updates, anything? And you formatted before the new install? Have you added anything new recently (drivers/hardware)? Are you running RAID? Have you made any BIOS changes? Try resetting your BIOS via the jumper, bringing it down to stock speed if your OC'ing. Remove all unneccesary hardware (basically everything but the vid card). That's a good place to start. Read Related Topics Xp pro boot problemVisionismI was having a similar problem. CMOS resets worked but then it would only load Windows with the BIOS failsafe defaults set. After that I could reboot and put the BIOS back how it should be. Turned out my CMOS battery was going flat. Replaced it and its been smooth sailing ever since. Read Formatted Version Xp pro boot problemsm007j2Hey guys thanks a lot for the help. I did do a clean reinstall of windows (formating before) and it did the same thing when i moved the fsb beyond default settings, even to 205 fsb. I used to run it at 251 fsb with no problems, but last night I got it stable at 259, so I rebooted to go into the bios to write down my settings, after which windows just stopped loading. It sounds like it's not a windows issue, because before I had gone as high as 262 fsb without any problems with windows loading, just last night it all of a sudden stopped. Do you think it's pretty clear it's the cmos battery here? Thanks again. See Attached Images Xp pro boot problemsm007j2oh yeah, just to give you some more info. I'm not running raid and I havent added any new hardware or software. just the same stuff that i had been running that worked fine before. Become A Member, Free! Xp pro boot problemOCAKatanaI understand you were able to overclock your FSB before. That doesn't mean it will be stable now. You need to try STOCK speeds and see if you can boot into Windows. Read Related Topics Xp pro boot problemsm007j2ok, Im at default settings and I got into windows. How should I go about troubleshooting what whent wrong in the first place? Thanks Read Formatted Version Xp pro boot problemSoulburnerCould be many things...not enough vcore.....not enough vdimm.....ram being pushed too far...didn't lock AGP/PCI..... See Attached Images Xp pro boot problemjesusvprYou have a problem with your Audigy Platinum card. Remove it and thats all. (It's a very common problem with audigy 2 cards) Become A Member, Free! Xp pro boot problemG MIKEI have the same problem with my computer. But all my settings in the bios are at default. Windows boots, but in the middle of the boot it freezes. Tried running safe mode and it freezes at this file called geio32.sys or something like that i cant remember the name. The thing is it happened to me twice and once, when i booted scandisk ran and after the scan was done the computer booted into windows. But now i cant get scandisk to work again and my computer wont boot into the os. Does anyone know if theres a hotkey that runs scandisk when your os boots. Or anything else that counld help me. 2400Xp+ ecs k7s5a 2100 ram 512mb 40 gig maxtor Ti 4200 Read Related Topics Xp pro boot problemG MIKEDamn tried downcloking my system and it worked. Shit i gues i had the exact same thing with my mobo too. Read Formatted Version Xp pro boot problemStrikeEagleI couldnt get into my OS untill I upped the voltage on my cpu. See Attached Images Xp pro boot problemG MIKEIts kinda werid what happened to me because before it used to run fine. Now my 2400Xp is at a 1800Xp speed. I guess ill just have to flash the official bios version since at the moment im using a hacked one. Become A Member, Free! Xp pro boot problem Become A Member, Free! | View Original Post | Read Related Topics Forums > SOFTWARE > Operating Systems > Xp pro boot problem 
//--> 
//--> Copyright © 1997-2004 Developer Shed, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Forum Archive

