   
  	  	       
    	    	     	      	       
    
     	     	      
    	    	    	     

Download Winamp     Product Overview     FAQ     Shopping Cart  	   Search     
Classic Skins
   
Modern Skins
   
Plug-ins
   
Videos
   
  For 	  	  
  	 
 
    Winamp 5.01 Player Download	   	 
 
  
     
        
           
        	           COST	        FREE	        $14.95	             
        	         	        	       	            
       	       	           
        	        To upgrade or re-download your Pro Player, click here.
       Already paid for the Pro Player, but lost the key?
       Click here

Here's what you get when you buy Winamp Pro:       

Unrestricted CD Burning &mdash; Winamp Pro enables you to burn your favorite music compilations at your computer's full potential. Once registered, Winamp Pro will allow you to burn your CDs at speeds up to 48x, 9 times the speed of Winamp 5.01! (Actual speeds may differ, depending on your computer's specifications.)

MP3 Encoding &mdash; With Winamp Pro, you can rip all your favorite music CDs into the industry leading MP3 format. When all your songs are encoded in MP3, it provides you the freedom to play them in all MP3 capable hardware and software media players.

Unrestricted CD Ripping &mdash; Buying Winamp Pro enables you to convert all of your favorite music CDs into digital files at you computer's maximum potential. Once registered, Winamp Pro can rip your CDs at speeds up to 48x, 9 times the speed of Winamp 5.01! (Actual speeds may differ, depending on your computer's specifications.)

To find out about all the features you get with Winamp 5.01, click here.       

Learn more:
      Get the Online Documentation
      Read the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
      View Winamp's minimum hardware requirements
      Read the Winamp Terms of Service
      Read the Winamp player Privacy Policy	             
            

Winamp Inducted Into CNET Download.com 'Hall of Fame'
- July 2003

Winamp Featured on TechTV's Call for Help - Read the Review	
       

Home •    About Us •    Support •    Privacy Policy •    Advertising •    Labelled with ICRA	   
  	  Copyright ©2003   Nullsoft. All Rights Reserved • Terms	   	 
