Products | Downloads | News & Press | Community | Support | About Us | Contact Downloads | Skins | Plugins Find updates, patches, skins, and plug-ins for all of our products here. Remember, by downloading software from us, you agree to the terms of our license agreement. Returning customers click here to login for Trillian Pro downloads. Trillian Basic Patch F Trillian 0.74 users can update their copies of Trillian to support the latest Yahoo and MSN protocols. You must be using 0.74 to use this patch. Download Trillian Basic (0.74F) The current version of Trillian Basic is 0.74F. It is available free of charge with no ads and no spyware. [Download Now] Trillian Pro users login to download software and patches . Version: 2.01 Size: 5,081 KB Version: 0.74F Size: 2,748 KB Trillian Pro Patch Size: 450 KB --> Trillian Basic Patch F Size: 1,202 KB (Yahoo+MSN fix) (not for Pro) System Requirements Minimum system requirements for installing and running Trillian Pro and Trillian Basic is Windows 95/98/ME/2000/NT/XP. There is currently not a Macintosh version available. Attention Windows 95 Users The default skin may not appear correctly on your system. You may wish to download a less complicated skin. Additionally, you must install Winsock2 . Attention Overseas Customers As required by law, Trillian is subject to United States export controls. Trillian may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) Afghanistan, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or any organization or company on the United States Commerce Department's "Denied Parties List." By downloading or using Trillian, you are agreeing to the foregoing and all applicable export control laws. You are also warranting that you are not under the control of, located in, or a resident or national of any such country or on any such list. The information on export laws provided herein is not necessarily complete. For more information on export laws, please refer to the United States Commerce Department Bureau of Export Administration at (202) 482-2440, or (202) 482-4811. Copyrighted by Cerulean Studios 1999-2004. All right reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Investor Relations   --> 
 	 

Member Log-In 	

Products | Downloads | News & Press | Community | Support | About Us | Contact 

 	 Downloads | Skins | Plugins 	

 	 	
 	 	

 	 

Find updates, patches, skins, and plug-ins for all of our products here. Remember, by downloading software from us, you agree to the terms of our license agreement. 

Returning customers click here to login for Trillian Pro downloads.     

 	  

Trillian Basic Patch F
Trillian 0.74 users can update their copies of Trillian to support the latest Yahoo and MSN protocols. You must be using 0.74 to use this patch.

Download Trillian Basic (0.74F)
The current version of Trillian Basic is 0.74F. It is available free of charge with no ads and no spyware.
[Download Now]

Trillian Pro users login to download software and patches.

Version: 2.01
 Size: 5,081 KB

Version: 0.74F
 Size: 2,748 KB

Trillian Basic Patch F
 Size: 1,202 KB 
(Yahoo+MSN fix) 
(not for Pro) 	 	 
 	 	  
 

 	 
 	  
System Requirements
Minimum system requirements for installing and running Trillian Pro and Trillian Basic is Windows 95/98/ME/2000/NT/XP. There is currently not a Macintosh version available.

Attention Windows 95 Users
The default skin may not appear correctly on your system. You may wish to download a less complicated skin. Additionally, you must install Winsock2.

Attention Overseas Customers
As required by law, Trillian is subject to United States export controls. Trillian may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) Afghanistan, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or any organization or company on the United States Commerce Department's "Denied Parties List." By downloading or using Trillian, you are agreeing to the foregoing and all applicable export control laws. You are also warranting that you are not under the control of, located in, or a resident or national of any such country or on any such list. The information on export laws provided herein is not necessarily complete. For more information on export laws, please refer to the United States Commerce Department Bureau of Export Administration at (202) 482-2440, or (202) 482-4811.	
  

  	 

Copyrighted by Cerulean Studios 1999-2004. All right reserved.

Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Investor Relations	 

 	 

 

