

Help 

Search

Contact Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

We want your experience on our site to be as effortless as possible. If, for any reason, you cannot find a suitable answer to your questions, please email the COOK Webmaster.
 

COMMON DOWNLOADS
Some COOK websites utilize multimedia and data files which require applications external to your web browser. Fortunately, these applications are free and available for download via the web. Listed below are some common "plug-in" applications which you may need to download in order to view certain areas of our website.

Acrobat Reader [download now]
Available from Adobe Systems, Inc.
For use with filetypes with the extension "pdf"
Click for help with the Acrobat Reader
    Average Download Times:
    28.8Kb = 55 min.
    33.6Kb = 27 min.
    56Kb = 14 min.

Quicktime Player [download now]
Available from Apple Computer, Inc.
For use with filetypes with extensions "mov","mpg","mp3","aif","wav"
Click for help with the Quicktime Player
    Average Download Times:
    28.8Kb = 13 min.
    33.6Kb = 11 min.
    56Kb = 6.5 min.

Flash Player [download now]
Available from Macromedia
For use with filetypes with the extension "swf"
Click for help with the Flash Player
    Average Download Times:
    28.8Kb = 2 min.
    33.6Kb = 1.5 min.
    56Kb = less than 1 min.

ERROR CODES
 Many errors you may experience at any website on the Internet are caused by simple typing mistakes. The second most common cause for an error is a link may be outdated, i.e. the page you're asking for may have been removed from the site or was moved to a different area of the site. Listed below are some common errors and descriptions of what they mean: 
File Not found (Error 404)
The browser can't find the page you have requested. If you typed in the URL (or location) yourself, please double check the location you typed in the browser.

Server Error
 The server is the computer where the COOK website is stored. If you get a "server error" message, we most likely are aware of the problem and are working to correct the problems you are experiencing. We appologize for the outage and will have the problem fixed as soon as possible. 

Document Contains No Data
This error is caused by either a mistake in the link or a problem with our server generating the page you have requested. Try reloading/refreshing the page.

Timeout
A timeout error occurs when your web browser is waiting for a page to be sent from a server and the server has not responded in an acceptable amount of time. This may occur when the site or your internet service provider is very busy or having problems. If the problem persists, contact your service provider.

Back to Previous Page 	

Copyright © Cook Group Incorporated 2003
 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy	 

