

 
 	
 

introduction 

information 
what is it 
what's new 
what it can do 
what's for the future 
who's using it 

images & movies 
images 
movies 
other users' galleries 
Luc Bianco's gallery 

download & support 
download Terragen 
register Terragen 
official user guide 
user group / list 
resources 

info for developers 
developer section 		

Download Terragen&trade; for Windows

Most recent uploads:
v0.9.19 full install, on 24th November 2003
v0.9.19 update, on 24th November 2003

Terragen runs on Microsoft Windows XP, Me, 2000, NT4, 98, 95 (for Intel/AMD & compatibles)
Please see the product page for more information on system requirements.
 

Download Terragen for Windows

By installing or using the software you agree to the terms and conditions in the License Agreement that is presented to you when you run the installation program. 

Terragen is free for personal non-commercial use. In this case registration is optional, but it entitles you to additional benefits and removes the restriction on image size. 

For commercial use as described in the License Agreement, registration is required beyond the initial trial period. This also entitles you to additional benefits and removes the restriction on image size. Terragen is free during the initial trial period. 

Install Terragen v0.9.19 (2.81 Mb)
Full installer for Terragen v0.9.19.
We recommend that you uninstall previous versions of Terragen before running this installer.
Terragen can be uninstalled with "Add/Remove Programs" in Windows' Control Panel.

Update to v0.9.19 (656 Kb)
Only use the Update if you already have Terragen installed on your computer.
You should install to the same folder as previous versions, or you will need to manually update shortcuts (and copy your key file if applicable) to the new location. 
Please note : Please do not mirror the Terragen downloads. We have found this leads to older versions being available which can cause problems for users. We would prefer it if you simply linked to this page. If you would like to become an official Terragen mirror, please contact us.
 

Animation tools

Terragen can be made to render sequences of frames which can later be compiled into animations. To do this, Terragen reads script files which describe the motion of the camera and other parameters. Third-party software is available to help generate animation scripts. See the resources page. 	

---------------------------------------------------------------------

terragen start page - planetside front page - privacy policy - email terragen@planetside.co.uk 

Terragen, this site and its contents (except where noted) are all copyright © 1998-2004 Planetside Software, contact@planetside.co.uk
Terragen is a trademark of Planetside Software. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners
 	
