

Web Search 							

Yellow Pages		 White Pages			

 	
Web Pages Photos News  			
 		
   Exact Phrase	Advanced Search • Preferences • Tools & Tips	
 	

 	

 	 	 	
 	 

WebCrawler is here to help. 

Search the Web with WebCrawler's unbeatable team.
 By using WebCrawler, you are searching these leading Web search engines: 

Google · Looksmart · Inktomi · Ask Jeeves · About · Overture · FindWhat · FAST · Open Directory · Search Hippo · Sprinks 

Our unique meta-search technology gives users the ability to search through all of these sites at the same time -- and then receive the most relevant results in seconds. 

How is the WebCrawler Directory better?

The WebCrawler Directory is a compilation of Web sites, sorted by subject and reviewed by editors with expertise in their respective areas. These editors help to ensure that the Web sites are sorted in a way that makes sense, and increases the chance that you'll find exactly what you're looking for quickly. 

The directory is organized with the larger, general topic (i.e. Travel) located on the left side of the page, and the more specific topics located to the right (i.e. Travel > Health or Travel > Budget). 

Why do directory results show up first when I search on WebCrawler?

WebCrawler returns directory results automatically to give searchers another way to find relevant results. This gives you two options to find exactly what you're looking for. If you like search results, you can skip right past the directory returns. Or, if you'd rather browse the directory tree, you can do that. Either way, you'll get great results. 

Searching for News?

You can find the most current news information from anywhere in the world with the WebCrawler News search. Simply type your topic into the search box, select the news category and then click the search button to get your relevant results, fast. 

Searching for Photos?

WebCrawler photo search makes finding images online easier. Just type the subject for the image you're looking for, select the Photos category and then click Search. When you receive your results, click on the image you want and it will link directly to the original image source. 

What happens when I search using "Directory"?

If you're not exactly sure how to find what you are looking for, WebCrawler search directory makes it easier. For example if you typed in "Sports", you would be given you a variety of categories to help refine your search (for example football, baseball and soccer). If you selected football from that list, you would then be given choices like Arena, American or Canadian to further narrow down your search - as follows: 

1.  Sports > Football

2.  Sports > Football > Arena

3.  Sports > Football > Soccer

4.  Sports > Gaelic > Football

5.  Sports > Fantasy > Football

6.  Sports > Football > American

7.  Sports > Football > Canadian

8.  Shopping > Sports > Football

Just select the football category that is closest to what you are looking for, and you're well on your way to finding the information you're looking for online. 

Additional Search Tips

Search with increased accuracy
 Ready to search like a pro? By using additional syntax terms, you can gain added control over your search and weed out many unwanted results. 

Additional Search Tips

By inserting "AND" between words or the symbol "+" before a word, you can require a specific combination of words be present in all search results. 

If you are searching for information about children with hyperactivity, you could do one of the following searches: 

Hyperactivity AND children
or
 Hyperactivity + children 

These searches require both hyperactivity and children to be returned in the results. 

Get exclusive with your terms

You can also exclude certain words from your search by adding "NOT" or "-". Let's say you are searching for information about cats, but do not want any information about dogs. Simply enter the following search: 

Cats NOT dogs
 Cats - dogs 

This will return results where only cats are included, not dogs. 

Find more with "Or"

Now let's say you want either dogs or cats to appear search. You could add the term "OR" to your search to include both subjects like this: 

Cats OR dogs 

Not all search engines support these searches. Webcrawler will only search the engines that support this feature, so you'll get the best results for the term you are looking for. 

For additional information on searching the Internet, check out these links: 

- How to Search the World Wide Web: A Tutorial and Guide for Beginners

- Tutorial: Guide to Effective Searching of the Internet 

Thank you for taking the time to read this and please let us know if you have questions about Webcrawler Search. 

 	
 	

 	
Web Search 		Yellow Pages		 White Pages		

 	
 	
 	
Web Pages Photos News  			
 		
   Exact Phrase	Advanced Search • Preferences • Tools & Tips	
 	

 	

 	

Make WebCrawler Your Homepage | Submit Your Site | Tell a Friend | About Results | Contact Us	

© 2004  All Rights Reserved	

