

vc_total_qty = "0";        vc_total_price = "";       //-->

0 Items           			

Â 	

Bookstore

Used & Out of Print

Sale Annex

College Textbooks

Children

Audiobooks

Music

DVD & Video

Calendars

Prints & Posters

ISBN

Â 	Â Â Â Â 		

Help Desk: Sale Annex FAQ
 

What is the Sale Annex?	 
 	What are Sale Annex books?	 
  	Are all these books new?	 
  	Why do some Sale Annex books have markings on them?	 
  	How can the prices be so low, if they are new books?	 
  	Should I have Sale Annex books gift-wrapped?	 
  	What kind of music and videos will I find in the Sale Annex?	 

What is the Sale Annex? 
 
 A smart shopper's paradise, the Sale Annex showcases thousands of Barnes & Noble.com's terrific deals. Day after day, you'll discover irresistible offers on bargain bestsellers and special value books, low-priced DVDs, music deals, and lots more. In case you have questions--some of our deals may sound too good to be true--read on for more information about the Sale Annex and it's merchandise. 
 
 
What are Sale Annex books? 
 
There are three kinds of books in the Sale Annex: Bargains, Special Values, and Barnes & Noble Books. All three have one thing in common: terrific book value. 
Bargains, also commonly referred to as remainders, are publishers' overstocks. Bargain books clearly display the original price of the book before it was remaindered, along with your savings. You can find Bargains on virtually any subject (from computers to art) and in any format (hardcover, paperback, audio, CD, even VHS). 
 
 Because the publisher has decided to stop printing the book, the quantities for all Bargains are limited. When a book is gone, it's gone. So the trick with Bargains is to act quickly when you find something you want. 
 
 Special Values are books published specifically with the budget-conscious reader in mind. Many are illustrated. All are remarkably affordable. While you won't find a savings statement, Special Values represent great deals for savvy shoppers. 
 
 Barnes & Noble Books cover a wide range of topics, from history to reference to literature to home improvement. You'll find classics and formerly out-of-print titles that Barnes & Noble has rescued from oblivion with beautiful new editions. You'll also find scores of original titles -- including fabulous activity kits for children. Large print runs and other cost-saving factors mean these books are offered at anywhere from 50% to 70% less than you would normally expect to pay. 
To see which category any given book belongs to, you can go to the product page and look in the Product Details section. In addition to the ISBN, format, and publication date, you'll find a note about the Edition Description (Bargain, Special Value, or Barnes & Noble Books). Our Bargain titles also include information about the original publisher. 
 
 
Are all these books new? 

Yes. 

Why do some Sale Annex Books have markings on them? 

Publishers often mark Bargain titles to indicate that these books are overstocks and are not to be resold at the full price. They may have a small hole punched in the cover or a small black mark on the edges of the pages. But apart from these small marks, the books are in brand-new condition. 

How can the prices be so low, if they are new books? 

To make room in their warehouses for new titles, publishers sell their overstocks at significant markdowns. Our buyers are scouring warehouses and showrooms across the country year-round for the best titles at the best prices. We then pass those savings directly along to you. You can find books for as much as 88% off the original publisher's price. 

Special Values and Barnes & Noble Bargain Books are published specifically for the price-conscious shopper. Large print runs and other cost savings make it possible to provide customers with great content for significantly less than you'd expect. 

Should I have Sale Annex books gift-wrapped? 

It's important to keep in mind that Sale Annex books are often stickered with the discounted price and may bear a remainder mark. If you don't want the recipient to know what a savvy shopper you are, you might want to wrap these items yourself. 

What kind of music and videos will I find in the Sale Annex? 
 
 DVD/VHS: Our budget DVD and VHS titles are a frugal way to build your home library without breaking the bank. From classics at rock-bottom prices to moneysaving two-packs to deeply discounted box sets, you'll find thousands of titles for less -- a lot less -- than the price of a trip to the movies. 
 
 Music: Our Sale Annex music titles are displayed by style -- Classical, Jazz, Rock, Pop, and more -- and by price range (Under $12, Under $8). You'll find timeless works for the price of, well, a song. 

Back to Top	         
     	        
     	      
   	   Terms of Use, Copyright, and Privacy Policy
© 1997-2004 Barnesandnoble.com llc	      
  	 

