

CNET tech sites: Price comparisons | Product reviews | Tech news | Downloads | Site map  	 

 	 	   
All CNET 
The Web 
  	  	 

 	 	

CNET Advantage	 Learning CDs	 Tech Help	 
 The ultimate tech help
 Our most advanced learning service provides the best of everything! 	 Interactive tech training 
Learn critical tech skills from CNET's unique CD-based training series. 	 Community forums 
Get detailed advice from the highly skilled moderators in our tech forums.	 

Master digital camera tricks and techniques fast 
Help.com's new Digital Camera SuperGuide CD is a great resource for learning the secrets of digital photography. Includes buying advice, tips for getting great shots, plus details on software, valuable Web resources and more. Learn more
 			
 	 You'll learn:	 

How to pick the right camera	 

Camera basics & advance techniques	 

Getting superior prints	 

How to share your photos	 

And much more                	

The digital dream service 
Welcome to an amazing program that gives you the best in premium benefits and services to keep you on technology's cutting-edge... CNET Advantage! From best-selling computer books to online tech training, you'll get a powerful package of services that'll supercharge your tech world. Learn more
 			
 	 Advantage benefits:	 

Web design courses	 

100 top-rated tech books 	

Computer Shopper 	

Expert PC support	 

View complete list 

Dive into CNET's online forums where you can get support and advice from our highly skilled moderators and thousands of members who participate in our advanced tech community. 

 	 

Windows XP 	

Windows ME 	

Windows NT/2000 	

Windows 98 	

Windows 95 	

All forums 	

 	 Virus & Security Alerts	 
 	 Linux	 
 	 PC Hardware	 
 	 Computer Newbies	 
 	 Computer Help	 

PC problems? Get solutions in the Experts Online forum 
Help.com's unique Expert Help forum is the place you can go for help with a wide variety of PC hardware and software issues. Our special moderated forum is a powerful resource for seasoned troubleshooting guidance. 

When posting a question to this forum, we suggest you include a general description of your hardware setup, OS version, and any other details that may be relevant to the problem. Posting in Help.com's Experts Online forum requires registration (free). Enter the Experts Online forum	 

Build your own hot spot
 You can help bring wireless Internet access to your community by setting up your own public hot spot.

Snap out of your Windows XP nightmare
 Microsoft's latest operating system can give you night sweats. But we have some dreamy solutions. Check out the Windows XP super guide. 

Security Watch
 Don't get burned by viruses or hackers. Senior Associate Editor Robert Vamosi keeps you informed about the latest worms and security risks and gives you tips on how to protect your data. 

Consumer Alert
 Feel like you got a raw deal on that tech gadget you just bought, or having problems with tech support? Consumer advocate and Computer Shopper Editor Rik Fairlie will help you navigate the choppy waters of customer service. 

Try the smart new way to master essential tech skills like Photoshop, Flash, Office XP, and more. Help.com's innovative Learning CDs teach you quickly with hands-on simulations and step-by-step instructions. View complete catalog.
 	

Microsoft Office XP
 Learn the XP versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Access and more.
 Free course lesson
 

PC Maintenance 101 This comprehensive CD-ROM provides tutorials and software that let you precisely analyze and repair your computer.
    Free course lesson
 

Adobe Photoshop 7
 Learn Web production, photo retouching, artistic effects and more.
 Free course lesson
 

Quicken/QuickBooks In-depth instruction on Intuit's popular Quicken and QuickBooks programs.
 Free course lesson
 

Microsoft FrontPage Learn to create professional-looking Web sites with FrontPage's powerful advanced features.
 Free course lesson
 

Macromedia Suite
 Master the MX versions of Dreamweaver, Flash, ColdFusion, Fireworks, and more.
 Free course lesson
 

 	  	 

Free delivery to your e-mail in-box -- breaking news, alerts on new products, updates, and much more.
 
&#8226; All newsletters
 &#8226; Newsletters FAQ 
&#8226; Manage my newsletters 

How to advertise  |  Feedback  | Corrections  |  Billing questions 
  		
 

Featured services: Computer Shopper Magazine | CNET Learning CDs | CNET Tech Jobs | CNET Clearance Center CNET.com | CNET Download.com | CNET News.com | CNET Reviews | CNET Shopper.com GameSpot | mySimon | Search.com | TechRepublic | ZDNet | International Sites About CNET Networks Copyright ©2003 CNET Networks, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 