 

Top 10 Turkey Disasters 

You haven't even put the summer clothes away for the season and it's already time to plan the annual cooking of the bird. You do recall that last year's turkey was, well, a real turkey. The meat was tough, dry, and tasteless. How to prevent this year's meal from going to the birds? Here's our list of the top 10 mistakes to avoid. 

#1 THE WRONG BIRD: It's not necessarily true that fresh birds are better than frozen. The secret to a good frozen turkey is TO BUY ONE THAT HAS BEEN BASTED&#8212;that is, it has been injected with a solution of turkey broth, salt, and other ingredients. In a testing of 8 brands, Marval was the winner among frozen birds. Empire kosher turkey was the favorite fresh bird tasted. Click here for more turkey tasting information. 

#2 IT&#8217;S STILL FROZEN!: Most people don't realize that a 20-pound bird can take four days&#8212;not a mere 24 hours&#8212;to thaw out in the refrigerator. You do not want to thaw a turkey on the counter because bacteria multiplies quickly at room temperature. Instead, allow it to thaw in the refrigerator. 

#3 THE EARLY (STUFFED) BIRD GETS THE WORM: Stuffing is the perfect environment for the growth of bacteria. If you must stuff the bird, do so just before roasting to ensure safety and cook until the stuffing reaches 165 degrees. For stuffing recipes, click here.
 
#4 TO TRUSS OR NOT TO TRUSS: No, you do not want to truss the turkey (unless it is stuffed, when trussing is needed to keep the stuffing inside). Leaving the cavity open allows for better circulation of hot air and will speed up cooking of the dark meat. This means that the breast meat is less likely to dry out. For step-by-step instructions on trussing a stuffed turkey, click here. 

#5 POP GOES THE BREAST MEAT: Miniature turkey thermometers often pop at temperatures at or about 180 degrees, which, for most birds, is too high. It is best to use your own instant-read thermometer. Our favorite? Owens Instruments Thermapen, which can be ordered from The Baker&#8217;s Catalogue (www.kingarthurflour.com) for $79.95. 

#6 THE THANKSGIVING CHAINSAW MASSACRE: Most home cooks have very dull knives, which makes carving next to impossible. Sharpening steels will not rescue a really dull knife, but a good electric knife sharpener will. We recommend Chef's Choice Knife Sharpener (the three-slot model), which is available for $129 at Williams-Sonoma (www.williams-sonoma.com).

#7 MASHED POTATOES OR ELMER'S: Mashed potatoes need to be handled gently or they turn into glue. The best method is to boil the potatoes (use russets or Yukon Golds) in their skin, peel them, and mash them with either a handheld masher or a ricer. Immediately mix with hot melted butter and then add warm half-and-half and other flavorings, such as cheese. For our mashed potato recipes, click here.

#8 STORE-BOUGHT PIE SHELLS: The consensus: Don't buy them! Except for the pie shell made by Whole Foods, all brands tested were universally rejected as artificial tasting. Our pie dough recipes (see any of our pie recipes) taste great and are easy to make. 

#9 THE PIE DOUGH FALLS APART: The worst, most disaster-provoking recipe directive is the one that says, "add just enough water so that the pie dough holds together." The truth is, add plenty of water so that the dough easily holds together (and is actually a bit wet). Sprinkle the dough with flour and let it rest in the refrigerator for at least an hour. The dough will now roll out easily.

#10 CANNED CRANBERRY SAUCE OR JELL-O? You know the kind. It's the jellied sauce that slips out of the can accompanied by a giant sucking noise. Try our Simple Cranberry Sauce recipe instead. 

 

 

 

 

  

Home | Turkey FAQ | Equipment | Recipes 
Safety | Carving | Cook's | TV Show | Bookstore
 
Privacy Statement © Boston Common Press 

