Corrections Editions Print Edition National (PDF) Wireless Extras College Connection Sweepstakes Crossword Horoscope Lottery Multimedia Traffic Weather Week in Focus Archives Enter Keyword(s): Detailed Search SITE MAP • Subscribe • Manage My Account • Gift Subscription • College Discount • Mail Subscriptions • Times in Education • Reading by 9 • LA Times Books • Student Journalism • LA Times Family Fund • Times-Mirror Foundation • LA Times Events • Careers • Cars • Homes • Rentals • Newspaper Ads • Personals • Times Guides • Recycler.com Partners What Los Angeles Times Home Delivery service types are available? The Los Angeles Times offers a variety of different home delivery service types. We will deliver a newspaper to your home or business 7 days a week (Daily/Sunday), Monday through Saturday (Daily Plus), Saturday and Sunday (Weekender Plus), or Sunday (Sunday Plus). How can I subscribe to Los Angeles Times Home Delivery? To order a Home Delivery subscription, click here for rates, availability and online ordering, or call customer service at 1-800-252-9141 . What does Weekender Plus mean (also Sunday Plus , Daily Plus )? These service types occasionally include an additional free newspaper. Several times a year, selected alternate service day newspapers are delivered at no additional charge. When is the newspaper delivered? The Los Angeles Times targeted delivery times are 6 a.m. Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. Saturday and 8 a.m. Sunday. Whom do I contact if my newspaper is missing or damaged? We would like to speak personally with you to resolve any service issues. Please call customer service at 1-800-252-9141 . To speak to a representative, contact us Monday through Friday from 5 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday and Sunday from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. and on holidays from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. An automated call system is also available 24 hours a day for your convenience. To receive a same-day newspaper replacement, call by 10:30 a.m. Monday through Saturday and by 11:30 a.m. Sunday. Otherwise, your account will be credited for any missed newspapers. All times are Pacific Standard Times. You can write to customer service at: Los Angeles Times, P.O. Box 60164, Los Angeles, CA 90060. How does the Los Angeles Times bill me? Subscription invoices are calculated on a weekly home delivery rate and mailed to subscribers. There are a variety of billing period options, however, unless otherwise requested your bill covers eight weeks of home delivery -- four weeks in arrears, four weeks in advance. You may pay your bill by check, money order or via ongoing credit card payment. Payment is due upon receipt of the bill. What should I do about my home delivery when I go on vacation? You can request a temporary vacation stop -- you can even donate the credit during your vacation to our Times in Education newspaper program, providing newspapers for classroom use (if you choose not to donate to Times in Education, you will receive credit for all undelivered newspapers on your next bill). Or, if you prefer to receive these newspapers upon your return, another option is to request a Vacation Pak, where up to 14 days of missed newspapers will be saved and delivered when your newspaper service is resumed. To request these vacation services, call customer service at 1-800-252-9141 by 1 p.m. the day before going on vacation. How can I order a Los Angeles Times gift subscription? Newspaper gift subscriptions can be for a specific time period or ongoing. A gift subscription can start on any given day, even Christmas morning, and we'll send an attractive gift card announcing your gift to the recipient. To order a gift subscription, click here or call customer service at 1-800-252-9141 . Mail Subscriptions (800)966-2450 Where are Mail Subscriptions available? Mail subscriptions can be mailed anywhere in the United States or abroad. Two different postage options are offered -- Second Class mail takes between 4 and 15 days to arrive, Priority Mail takes 3 to 5 days. How can I order a Los Angeles Times mail subscription? To order a Mail Subscription, click here for rates and online ordering by credit card, or call Mail Subscription customer service at 1-800-966-2450 . Postal regulations require all mail subscriptions to be prepaid. Other Questions and Answers Link to the latimes.com Web site for answers to frequently asked questions on the following subjects: Where to send a letter to the editor How to get a press release published How to arrange a tour of the Los Angeles Times What kind of ink is used to avoid newsprint smear? What percentage of the newspaper is made from recycled newsprint? How to order back copies of the newspaper How to obtain a reprint of a front page How to place a classified advertisement How to obtain permission to reprint an article How to find out when an article was published in the newspaper How to purchase a photo that has been published in the newspaper How to get an obituary published a d v e r t i s e m e n t Copyright 2004 Los Angeles Times By visiting this site, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy Terms of Service .   -->    

   	

Home | Register | Home Delivery | Site Map | Archives | Print Edition | Advertise | Contact Us | Help  	 

   Join now! 	

   Freeway Watch
    Check your commute
 	

find a job
post a job	     
  	    
    
  	  find a car
sell a car	     
  	    
    
  	  find a home
sell a home	     
  	    
    
  	  find an apt.
list an apt.	     
  	    
    
  	  newspaper ads
merchant ads	     
  	    
    
  	  find a date	     
 	 	  	   
 	  

 Art, Theater, Night Life
  Movies, Music, TV, Dining	 

 	 Signing Up
 Change Member Info
 Crossword Puzzles
 Your Password
 MyPQA Member Support

 Talk to Us	 

 	 How to Contact Us
 Letters to the Editor

 About the Site	 

 	 Finding Articles
 Content We Don't Have
 Site Map
 Advertise with Us
 Business Contacts

 Inside the Times	 

 	 Media Center
Subscribe to the Paper
 Jobs at the Times

 Help	 

 	 Archives
 Crossword Puzzles
 PDF Files

 Legal Issues	 

 	 Terms of Service
 Rights & Permissions
 Privacy Policy

 	 

 	 The World

 	 The Nation

 	 California / Local

 	 Business

 	 Politics

 	 Sports

 	 Travel

 	 Editorials, Op-Ed

 	 Sections	 

 	 Arts & Entertainment
Books
Chess
Columns
Education
Environment
Food
Health
Highway 1
Home
Kids' Reading Room
Magazine
Obituaries
Outdoors
Real Estate
Religion
Science & Medicine
Style & Culture
Sunday Opinion
Technology
Times Poll
 
Corrections

 	 Editions	 

 	 Print Edition
National (PDF)
Wireless

 	 Extras	 

 	 College Connection
Sweepstakes
Crossword
Horoscope
Lottery
Multimedia
Traffic
Weather
Week in Focus

 	 Archives	 

 	 Enter Keyword(s):
   
Detailed Search	 
 

 	   	   SITE MAP

 	  
   
 	   	     • Subscribe
  • Manage My Account
  • Gift Subscription
   • College Discount
  • Mail Subscriptions
 
  	     

 	   	   • Times in Education
 • Reading by 9
 • LA Times Books
 • Student Journalism
 • LA Times Family Fund
 • Times-Mirror Foundation
 • LA Times Events

 	   
 

 	   	   • Careers
 • Cars
 • Homes
 • Rentals	  
 	   	   • Newspaper Ads
 • Personals
 • Times Guides
 • Recycler.com

 	  Partners	  

 	  
 	 
  

What Los Angeles Times Home Delivery service types are available?
 The Los Angeles Times offers a variety of different home delivery service types. We will deliver a newspaper to your home or business 7 days a week (Daily/Sunday), Monday through Saturday (Daily Plus), Saturday and Sunday (Weekender Plus), or Sunday (Sunday Plus). 

How can I subscribe to Los Angeles Times Home Delivery?
 To order a Home Delivery subscription, click here for rates, availability and online ordering, or call customer service at 1-800-252-9141.

What does Weekender Plus mean (also Sunday Plus, Daily Plus)?
 These service types occasionally include an additional free newspaper. Several times a year, selected alternate service day newspapers are delivered at no additional charge. 

When is the newspaper delivered?
 The Los Angeles Times targeted delivery times are 6 a.m. Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. Saturday and 8 a.m. Sunday.

Whom do I contact if my newspaper is missing or damaged?
 We would like to speak personally with you to resolve any service issues. Please call customer service at 1-800-252-9141. To speak to a representative, contact us Monday through Friday from 5 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday and Sunday from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. and on holidays from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. An automated call system is also available 24 hours a day for your convenience. 

To receive a same-day newspaper replacement, call by 10:30 a.m. Monday through Saturday and by 11:30 a.m. Sunday. Otherwise, your account will be credited for any missed newspapers.

All times are Pacific Standard Times.

You can write to customer service at:
 Los Angeles Times, P.O. Box 60164,
 Los Angeles, CA 90060.
 
How does the Los Angeles Times bill me?
 Subscription invoices are calculated on a weekly home delivery rate and mailed to subscribers. There are a variety of billing period options, however, unless otherwise requested your bill covers eight weeks of home delivery -- four weeks in arrears, four weeks in advance. You may pay your bill by check, money order or via ongoing credit card payment. Payment is due upon receipt of the bill.
 
What should I do about my home delivery when I go on vacation?
 You can request a temporary vacation stop -- you can even donate the credit during your vacation to our Times in Education newspaper program, providing newspapers for classroom use (if you choose not to donate to Times in Education, you will receive credit for all undelivered newspapers on your next bill). 

Or, if you prefer to receive these newspapers upon your return, another option is to request a Vacation Pak, where up to 14 days of missed newspapers will be saved and delivered when your newspaper service is resumed. 

To request these vacation services, call customer service at 1-800-252-9141 by 1 p.m. the day before going on vacation.
 
How can I order a Los Angeles Times gift subscription?
 Newspaper gift subscriptions can be for a specific time period or ongoing. A gift subscription can start on any given day, even Christmas morning, and we'll send an attractive gift card announcing your gift to the recipient. To order a gift subscription, click here or call customer service at 1-800-252-9141.
 
Mail Subscriptions (800)966-2450

Where are Mail Subscriptions available?
 Mail subscriptions can be mailed anywhere in the United States or abroad. Two different postage options are offered -- Second Class mail takes between 4 and 15 days to arrive, Priority Mail takes 3 to 5 days. 

How can I order a Los Angeles Times mail subscription?
 To order a Mail Subscription, click here for rates and online ordering by credit card, or call Mail Subscription customer service at 1-800-966-2450. Postal regulations require all mail subscriptions to be prepaid. 

Other Questions and Answers
 
Link to the latimes.com Web site for answers to frequently asked questions on the following subjects:
 

* Where to send a letter to the editor 
* How to get a press release published 
* How to arrange a tour of the Los Angeles Times 
* What kind of ink is used to avoid newsprint smear? 
* What percentage of the newspaper is made from recycled newsprint? 
* How to order back copies of the newspaper 
* How to obtain a reprint of a front page 
* How to place a classified advertisement 
* How to obtain permission to reprint an article 
* How to find out when an article was published in the newspaper 
* How to purchase a photo that has been published in the newspaper 
* How to get an obituary published 

a d v e r t i s e m e n t 

 

Copyright 2004 Los Angeles Times
By visiting this site, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy
Terms of Service.

