

Search:   	
Wired News
 
Webmonkey
 
Animation Express
 
HotWired Archives
 
Wired Magazine
 
The Web -> HotBot
 

 for  			

HotWired FAQ 

1. How do I unsubscribe from a newsletter or service? 
Click on the mailing-list link you'd like to be removed from and follow the instructions. If you are unsubscribing from a daily newsletter, you may receive one or two more copies while your request is processed. 
HotWired
Suck
Cocktail
Animation Express

HotWired frontdoor
Webmonkey frontdoor
Webmonkey - Elbow Grease
Wired magazine

Wired News (HTML)
Wired News (text)
Midday Market Report
Market Wrap-Up

Unsubscribe All

Instructions for unsubscribing from each newsletter can always be found within the newsletter itself as well as here in the help area. 

2. How do I unsubscribe from Monkeyjunkies? 
Email majordomo@lists.wired.com with
unsubscribe monkeyjunkies you@emailaddress.com or
unsubscribe monkeyjunkies-digest you@emailaddress.com
in the body of the message. Majordomo@lists.wired.com is a program, not a person, so if you send a message that does not look like the above instructions, your unsubscribe attempt will fail. 

3. How do I subscribe to a newsletter or service? 
Simple. We send out our newsletters or services in two forms - straight ASCII-text or HTML-enhanced. The HTML versions require a HTML-capable email reader, such as any Web-based email service, Outlook Express, or In-Box Direct. Click on the mailing-list link you'd like to subscribe to.
 
ASCII-text email newsletters: 	
HotWired
Cocktail
Animation Express	 Wired News
Webmonkey - Elbow Grease
Wired magazine 	
"See all the pretty pictures!" HTML-enhanced newsletters (These do require HTML-capable email readers, or else they just look like the streams of code they are): 	
HotWired frontdoor
Webmonkey frontdoor
Suck

Wired News
Midday Market Report
Market Wrap-Up

4. I changed my email address and need to move over my newsletters. How do I do that? 
You'll need to cancel your old subscription and resubscribe with your new email address. 

5. Why does my newsletter look all garbled or like a bunch of code? 
That's because you're viewing your newsletter through a mail program that doesn't support HTML. To read an HTML page (such as the Wired News Frontdoor), you need to use an HTML-enabled email program. This could simply mean changing the settings on your current email reader, or you may need to switch to a Web-based email service. 

6. Will you share my email address with anyone else? 
We do not share or distribute your email address unless you have specifically accepted this as an option upon registration. Read our Privacy Policy. 

7. How do I report a bug or send feedback? 
If you find something wrong with the site (be it missing, broken, busted, or kaput), you can send email to Support Services. Please include the referencing page, the URL of the offending page, your computer setup (browser, version, and platform), and (most importantly) what is wrong. 

8. How can I get a job at Wired Digital? 
Detailed job descriptions and instructions about how to apply for jobs at Wired Digital are available on our site. Point your Web browser to http://home.wired.com/jobs/. 

9. How can I contact Wired Digital? 
To phone the Wired Digital offices, dial +1 (415) 276 8400.
To send us a fax, dial +1 (415) 276 8499.
You can send email to fdfeedback8@hotwired.com. 

For Wired Magazine inquiries, please phone +1 (415) 276 5000, or send email to info@wired.com. Email sent here will be read by a human - and you will also receive the Wired Magazine FAQ. 

If you're having problems with our site, send email to Support Services. 

For any further questions, please visit home.wired.com. 

  	

 

Feedback  |  Help  |  About Us  |  Jobs  |  Advertise  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Service 

Copyright © 1994-2004 Wired Digital Inc., a Lycos Network site. All rights reserved.

