HELP This page will help you find what you need to effectively use the Java programming language. Look through the resources below to answer your questions about the site. FAQs Technologies Download Installation Search Legal and Licensing Registration FAQ Search Read the search tips FAQ Contact Us Feedback Form Contact the webmaster for questions, enhancements, comments, and any other non-technical issues related to using the java.sun.com websites. Product and API Feedback Page Send feedback directly to the product groups with these one-way email aliases. Support Page Sun Developer Network Find more information about Sun Developer Network membership , exclusive resources for members only, newsletters and other member benefits. Community Technical Resources Learn more about Java technology through a growing community of users. Post questions on Forums, submit bugs on Bug Parade, or join a newsgroup. Professional Technical Support Resources (per incident fees) Technical support related to using the Java programming language is available through these fee-based support resources. Related Sun Developer Sites Below are additional resources for developers using technologies that leverage the Java platform. Review this alphabetized list of other Sun Developer sites. Read the latest Industry News. Find Java technology related products and services. Company Info | About SDN | Press | Contact Us | Employment How to Buy | Licensing | Terms of Use | Privacy | Trademarks Copyright 1994-2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc. A Sun Developer Network Site Unless otherwise licensed, code in all technical manuals herein (including articles, FAQs, samples) is provided under this License . Content Feeds   --> 

developers.sun.com	  	 » search tips  |  Search: 	 	 	 
in Developers' Site
 
in Sun.com
 

 	 		

  
Developers Home > Products & Technologies > Java Technology > 	Profile and Registration | Why Register? 	

  

Help Pages 
- 	 Welcome 	
- 	 Download 	
- 	 Installation 	
- 	 Legal and Licensing 	
- 	 More Resources 	
  

HELP

This page will help you find what you need to effectively use the Java programming language. Look through the resources below to answer your questions about the site.

FAQs

* Technologies 
* Download 
* Installation 
* Search 
* Legal and Licensing 
* Registration FAQ 

Search

Read the search tips FAQ

Contact Us

Feedback Form
Contact the webmaster for questions, enhancements, comments, and any other non-technical issues related to using the java.sun.com websites. 

Product and API Feedback Page
Send feedback directly to the product groups with these one-way email aliases.

Support Page

Sun Developer Network
Find more information about Sun Developer Network membership , exclusive resources for members only, newsletters and other member benefits.

Community Technical Resources
Learn more about Java technology through a growing community of users. Post questions on Forums, submit bugs on Bug Parade, or join a newsgroup. 

Professional Technical Support Resources (per incident fees)
Technical support related to using the Java programming language is available through these fee-based support resources.

Related Sun Developer Sites
Below are additional resources for developers using technologies that leverage the Java platform.

Review this alphabetized list of other Sun Developer sites.

Read the latest Industry News. 

Find Java technology related products and services. 

Company Info  |  About SDN  |  Press  |  Contact Us  |  Employment How to Buy  |  Licensing  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy  |  Trademarks     Copyright 1994-2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc. 		A Sun Developer Network Site Unless otherwise licensed, code in all technical manuals herein (including articles, FAQs, samples) is provided under this License.    Content Feeds 	

