--> Frequently Asked Questions Wednesday, August 27, 2003 1. How do I get FOX News Channel? 2. I am trying to get into FOX Fan Central, but am having problems with the site. What do I do? 3. I'm interested in getting access to the FOX Fan section and watching online video. Do I need special software? 4. How do I order a tape or transcript? 5. I need information about a story that appeared on FNC. How do I get it? 6. How can I contact my local FOX affiliate? 7. Does FOX News Channel provide closed captioning? 8. How can I write to a specific FNC show? 9. How do I find older articles on FOXNews.com? 10. I became a FOX Fan, how do I get my discount at the FOX News Shop? 11. How do I apply for an internship at FOX News Channel? 12. How and where do you get your poll results? 13. Why isn't my question on this list?   1. How do I get FOX News Channel? If you have access to cable, call your local cable operator and tell them you want FNC. We are available on Direct TV, on Dish Network, and on C-band, via four providers: Superstar:  800-395-3251 Netlink:  800-438-4655 Turner-Vision:  888-999-5695 Satellite Providers:  800-432-8876 We are not currently available through Primestar. If you are outside the U.S., click here . If you are living on a college campus, write us at foxoncampus@foxnews.com . Unfortunately, we can do very little to convince a specific cable affiliate to pick up FOX News Channel. Your requests mean a lot though &#8212; call them up and say "I want my FNC!" 2. I am trying to get into FOX Fan Central, but am having problems with the site. What do I do? If you are having problems accessing FOX Fan Central, go here . If you cannot access the site or have problems, please e-mail us at viewerservices@foxnews.com . 3. I'm interested in getting access to the FOX Fan section and watching online video. Do I need special software? There are a few basic requirements in order to take advantage of the content and features of the FOX Fan section.  Click here to find out what they are. 4. How do I order a tape or transcript? If you are looking for a tape or transcript of Your World with Neil Cavuto, On The Record with Greta Van Susteren, The Big Story with John Gibson, Hannity & Colmes, FOX News Sunday, Special Report with Brit Hume, The O'Reilly Factor, FOX News Watch, or the Beltway Boys , you may call the Federal Document Clearing House at 1-888-44-FOXTV, e-mail them at foxtranscripts@fdch.com .  Click here to purchase tapes of War Stories with Oliver North . Transcripts or tapes of other shows are not available at this time. 5. I need information about a story that appeared on FNC. How do I get it? If the story appeared on your local FOX affiliate (your local morning or evening news), you should contact that affiliate directly. Click here for a list of FOX affiliates alphabetized by city. If the story appeared on FOX News Channel, check out our topics and guest archive for our primetime programming. If you still can't find it, write us at comments@foxnews.com . The more specific you can be about when the segment in question aired, the more likely we will be able to help you. 6. How can I contact my local FOX affiliate? Click here for a FOX affiliate address list alphabetized by city. 7. Does FOX News Channel provide closed captioning? We do! Closed Captioning is now available for both daytime and primetime shows. 8. How can I write to a specific FNC show? Click here for our master e-mail address list. 9. How do I find an older article on FOXNews.com? To find an article you saw previously on FOXNews.com, use the search engine in the upper left-hand side of the page. You may also go to the most current article on the subject you are interested in; the articles that have run on that subject in the past will be linked on the right hand side under "related stories" and "background info." 10. I became a FOX Fan, how do I get my discount at the FOX News Shop? To use your discount at the FOX News Shop, wait 2 hours after clicking "submit" on the FOX Fan registration page and then: I. Go here . Click and move the black dot from "Retail customer" to "FOX Fan." Type in the e-mail address you used to register as a FOX Fan, then scroll down the page and click "submit." If it says it does not have you listed as a FOX Fan, please write us at viewerservices@foxnews.com . II. Next you will have to pick a user name and password specific to the FOX News Shop. You will use these everytime you return to purchase something. Fill in the rest of the information to register with them. When done, scroll down and click "register." III. Enjoy shopping! If you have any questions you may call FOX News Shop customer service Monday through Friday, 8AM - 8PM EST, Toll Free, at 1.877.588.8932, or e-mail ecustomercare@eCompanyStore.com 11. How do I apply for an internship at FOX News Channel? FOX News is committed to training the next generation of journalists. Get a head start in your career and an unfair advantage in the job market with an FNC internship. To be considered forward your resume to: FOX News Channel Dept. of Human Resources 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Fax: 212-301-8588 E-mail: Resume@foxnews.com 12. How and where do you get your poll results FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Polls are conducted via telephone through a process called 'random digit dialing.' Random sampling is the best way to select respondents that will be representative of the entire population. FOX News typically interviews approximately 900 people nationwide for its biweekly poll. 13. Why isn't my question on this list? Maybe it will be next time you check. Let us know what it is by e-mailing comments@foxnews.com and we will get back to you with an answer. If you are looking for more inside or behind-the-scenes information, you will find the answer to everything you'd ever want to know about FOX News Channel by becoming a FOX Fan. Just register here , it's free! --> FNC Alerts | News Ticker | Schedule | Bios | E-mail Shows | Upgrade Central FOX News Shop | Find FNC in Your Area | Find FNC Abroad | FAQs --> Advertise on FOX News Channel, FOXNews.com and FOX News Radio Jobs at FOX News Channel. Internships at FOX News Channel. Terms of use. Privacy Statement. For FOXNews.com comments write to foxnewsonline@foxnews.com ; For FOX News Channel comments write to comments@foxnews.com © Associated Press. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2004 ComStock, Inc. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2004 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. FNC Schedule --> FOX & Friends First FOX & Friends FOX News Live DaySide Studio B Your World The Big Story Special Report FOX Report The O'Reilly Factor Hannity & Colmes On the Record After Hours At Large w/ Geraldo Beltway Boys Bulls & Bears Cashin' In Cavuto on Business Forbes on FOX FOX Magazine FOX News Watch Heartland The Big Story War Stories Weekend Live FOX News Specials FOX News Sunday Show Schedule FOX News Bios   -->               ">"; var mep1="&url=http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,77536,00.html&story_id=80772&byline="+escape("")+"&pageType=story&sectionType=news&sectionName=siteAdmin"+openInsightDemo; document.write(if_tag);                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
     
 	 	    

Frequently Asked Questions	     
          	 
   Wednesday, August 27, 2003    1. How do I get FOX News Channel?

2. I am trying to get into FOX Fan Central, but am having problems with the site. What do I do? 

3. I'm interested in getting access to the FOX Fan section and watching online video. Do I need special software? 

4. How do I order a tape or transcript? 

5. I need information about a story that appeared on FNC. How do I get it? 

6. How can I contact my local FOX affiliate? 

7. Does FOX News Channel provide closed captioning? 

8. How can I write to a specific FNC show? 

9. How do I find older articles on FOXNews.com? 

10. I became a FOX Fan, how do I get my discount at the FOX News Shop? 

11. How do I apply for an internship at FOX News Channel? 

12. How and where do you get your poll results? 

13. Why isn't my question on this list? 

  

1. How do I get FOX News Channel? 

If you have access to cable, call your local cable operator and tell them you want FNC. We are available on Direct TV, on Dish Network, and on C-band, via four providers: 

Superstar:  800-395-3251 Netlink:  800-438-4655 Turner-Vision:  888-999-5695 Satellite Providers:  800-432-8876 

We are not currently available through Primestar. 

If you are outside the U.S., click here. 

If you are living on a college campus, write us at foxoncampus@foxnews.com. 

Unfortunately, we can do very little to convince a specific cable affiliate to pick up FOX News Channel. Your requests mean a lot though &#8212; call them up and say "I want my FNC!" 

2. I am trying to get into FOX Fan Central, but am having problems with the site. What do I do? 

If you are having problems accessing FOX Fan Central, go here. 

If you cannot access the site or have problems, please e-mail us at viewerservices@foxnews.com. 

3. I'm interested in getting access to the FOX Fan section and watching online video. Do I need special software? 

There are a few basic requirements in order to take advantage of the content and features of the FOX Fan section. Click here to find out what they are. 

4. How do I order a tape or transcript? 

If you are looking for a tape or transcript of Your World with Neil Cavuto, On The Record with Greta Van Susteren, The Big Story with John Gibson, Hannity & Colmes, FOX News Sunday, Special Report with Brit Hume, The O'Reilly Factor, FOX News Watch, or the Beltway Boys, you may call the Federal Document Clearing House at 1-888-44-FOXTV, e-mail them at foxtranscripts@fdch.com. Click here to purchase tapes of War Stories with Oliver North. Transcripts or tapes of other shows are not available at this time. 

5. I need information about a story that appeared on FNC. How do I get it? 

If the story appeared on your local FOX affiliate (your local morning or evening news), you should contact that affiliate directly. Click here for a list of FOX affiliates alphabetized by city. If the story appeared on FOX News Channel, check out our topics and guest archive for our primetime programming. If you still can't find it, write us at comments@foxnews.com. The more specific you can be about when the segment in question aired, the more likely we will be able to help you. 

6. How can I contact my local FOX affiliate? 

Click here for a FOX affiliate address list alphabetized by city. 

7. Does FOX News Channel provide closed captioning? 

We do! Closed Captioning is now available for both daytime and primetime shows. 

8. How can I write to a specific FNC show? 

Click here for our master e-mail address list. 

9. How do I find an older article on FOXNews.com? 

To find an article you saw previously on FOXNews.com, use the search engine in the upper left-hand side of the page. You may also go to the most current article on the subject you are interested in; the articles that have run on that subject in the past will be linked on the right hand side under "related stories" and "background info." 

10. I became a FOX Fan, how do I get my discount at the FOX News Shop? 

To use your discount at the FOX News Shop, wait 2 hours after clicking "submit" on the FOX Fan registration page and then: I. Go here. Click and move the black dot from "Retail customer" to "FOX Fan." Type in the e-mail address you used to register as a FOX Fan, then scroll down the page and click "submit." If it says it does not have you listed as a FOX Fan, please write us at viewerservices@foxnews.com. II. Next you will have to pick a user name and password specific to the FOX News Shop. You will use these everytime you return to purchase something. Fill in the rest of the information to register with them. When done, scroll down and click "register." III. Enjoy shopping! If you have any questions you may call FOX News Shop customer service Monday through Friday, 8AM - 8PM EST, Toll Free, at 1.877.588.8932, or e-mail ecustomercare@eCompanyStore.com 

11. How do I apply for an internship at FOX News Channel? 

FOX News is committed to training the next generation of journalists. Get a head start in your career and an unfair advantage in the job market with an FNC internship. To be considered forward your resume to: FOX News Channel Dept. of Human Resources 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Fax: 212-301-8588 E-mail: Resume@foxnews.com 

12. How and where do you get your poll results 

FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Polls are conducted via telephone through a process called 'random digit dialing.' Random sampling is the best way to select respondents that will be representative of the entire population. FOX News typically interviews approximately 900 people nationwide for its biweekly poll. 

13. Why isn't my question on this list? 

Maybe it will be next time you check. Let us know what it is by e-mailing comments@foxnews.com and we will get back to you with an answer. 

If you are looking for more inside or behind-the-scenes information, you will find the answer to everything you'd ever want to know about FOX News Channel by becoming a FOX Fan. Just register here, it's free! 

FNC Alerts  |  News Ticker  |  Schedule  |  Bios  |  E-mail Shows  |  Upgrade Central 
FOX News Shop  |  Find FNC in Your Area  |  Find FNC Abroad  |  FAQs  	

Advertise on FOX News Channel, FOXNews.com and FOX News Radio   
Jobs at FOX News Channel.   Internships at FOX News Channel.   
Terms of use.  Privacy Statement.  For FOXNews.com comments write to   
foxnewsonline@foxnews.com;  For FOX News Channel comments write to   
comments@foxnews.com   
© Associated Press. All rights reserved.   
Copyright © 2004 ComStock, Inc.   
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.   

Copyright 2004 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.   
All market data delayed 20 minutes. 	 
 	          

FNC Schedule  	

FOX & Friends First
  FOX & Friends
  FOX News Live
  DaySide
  Studio B
  Your World
  The Big Story   	    Special Report
  FOX Report
  The O'Reilly Factor
  Hannity & Colmes
  On the Record   	    After Hours
  At Large w/ Geraldo
  Beltway Boys
  Bulls & Bears
  Cashin' In
  Cavuto on Business
  Forbes on FOX   	    FOX Magazine
  FOX News Watch
  Heartland
  The Big Story
  War Stories
  Weekend Live   	    FOX News Specials
  FOX News Sunday
  Show Schedule

FOX News Bios   	   
