

Sailing 

Page

"For the truth is that I already know as much about my fate as I need to know. The day will come when I will die. So the only matter of consequence before me is what I will do with my allotted time. I can remain on shore, paralyzed with fear, or I can raise my sails and dip and soar in the breeze." 

- Richard Bode, First you have to row a little boat 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to my sailing page of internet sailing resources. Please browse though the material or use the table of contents. If you discover items on the net I've missed, don't hesitate to contact me mbrmbr@acm.org, so I can enjoy them and reference them for the use of others.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
 The research group I'm in is very interested in developing tools to help people find items of interest to them in the World Wide Web. We have some ideas, but to better understand how people are currently finding things, if you wouldn't mind, please mail me mbrmbr@acm.org how you found this page, which would be very helpful. Thanks. -- Mark. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Table of Contents

Some Local Stuff I've collected 
Current Affairs 
Tall Ships 
Mailing Lists 
Netnews Groups 
Sailing Opportunities 
Sailing Clubs 
Other People's Stories - Tales of ordinary sailing adventures! 
Sailboat Chartering 
Sailing Books, Videos, Bookstores and Publishers 
Sailing Magazines 
Online Sailing Texts 
One Design Resources - also owners associations 
Sailing Associations 
Sailing Related Equipment - hardware, sailmakers, discounters, etc. 
Sailboat Manufacturers and Distributors 
Sailboat Designers, Plan Resources, and Classification Societies 
Sailing Software 
Maritime History 
Traditional Boating 
Maritime Archaeology 
Maritime Museums Online 
Regional Sailing Resources 
Educational Opportunities - Colleges offering maritime and naval related degrees (B.A., M.A., etc) 
Learn to Sail Opportunities - on the water, recreational navigation, stuff for kids, etc. 
Weather Information - just a few sites 
Other Sailing Indexes - sites that provide a large number of links and/or host a variety of sailing resources. 
Other Sailing Resources - More sites that caught my fancy. Check 'em out 

Some Local Stuff I've collected

Report on Sail for America 
I participated in the Sail for America, 9/14/02. 

Some useful knots 
I created some animated gifs to show how to tie a handful of knots. 

Sailing in the Netherlands 
Info on a 10 day sailing trip I took in the Netherlands. 

Sailing into the Past - WoodenBoat 12 Meter Regatta 
I got an opportunity to be a participant on Northern Light, a 12 meter built in 1938 racing in the WoodenBoat 12 Meter Regatta in September 1997. Herein lies the story. 

Legacy: Materials from the Historic American Merchant Marine Survey 
For a class on museum exhibit design, I put together a proposal and model of an exhibit on the Historic American Merchant Marine Survey (HAMMS). 

Columbus 500 
In 1992, I sailed on Soren Larsen a 140' brigantine on the Puerto Rico, San Salvador, New York, Mystic, Boston leg of the Columbus 500. To prove what a fabulous experience it was, we even got to see a shuttle launch as we cruised by Florida. See also my short Soren Larsen page. 

"HMS" Rose Trip 
From July 11, 1994 to July 15, 1994 I sailed aboard "HMS" Rose from Erie, PA to Port Stanley, Ont. 

Munson Institute at Mystic Seaport Museum 
During the Summer of 1995, I attended the Munson Institute, and took two graduate level maritime history courses. I had a great time. 

Georg Stage Sail Raising 
While at Mystic, the Georg Stage visited, and I took some photos as they raised sail at dockside. 

Cruising on Christmas and weather course. 
I've taken two courses at the WoodenBoat School. One was a cruising course on the lovely wooden vessel Christmas in 1994 and the other was a week course in understanding weather in 1997. 

Sailing Page Technical Reports 
Sailing Page Technical Reports are a series of papers describing technical aspects of this sailing page, or covering more general topics of sailing, computation and the internet. 

Report on an experimental search facility 
For seven years, I experimented with some ideas on restricted domain search. 

Sailing Haikus 
For those days when 17 syllables is enuf. 

Sailing Movies 
This is just a really short collection of comments and availability of sailing related movies. 

Interesting Tidbits from rec.boats 
A collection of things I've saved from rec.boats 

Current Affairs

Around Alone 
A single-handed global yacht race. 

Clipper Racing 
This is Sir Robin Knox-Johnston's Round The World Race between eight identical purpose built yachts. Each one has a professional skipper and up to 14 crew who pay for the experience. 

Newport Bermuda Race 

Jobson Sailing, Inc. 
Gary Jobson's site. Here because he has a listing of the schedule for Sailing on ESPN (a sailing sports TV Cable channel in the U.S.) 

Cutty Sark Tall Ships' Race 
The Official Site. 

The Great Chesapeake Bay Schooner Race 
A number of the U.S. East Coast schooners gather in October to race down the Chesapeake Bay. 

Sydney-Hobart Yacht Race 
The official World Wide Web server for the Sydney-Hobart yacht race, the greatest blue-water ocean race ever! [And Australians would never exaggerate!] 

Challenge Business 
Various race and cruising opportunities. 

Champagne Mumm Cordon Rouge 
Champagne Mumm's Passion for Sailing site. 

OpSail 2000(tm) 
The schedule and info for the tallships in the year 2000 OpSail events. 

The Whitbread Round The World Race 
For the Volvo Trophy. 

Elle Racing Syndicate 
Looks like they were a non-starter for the Whitbread. Ah, well. 

Tall Ships

American Sail Training Association 
ASTA is committed to promoting sail training and sea education in North America, providing people of all ages, backgrounds and abilities access to the adventure of a lifetime. Sail training is adventure travel aboard a tall ship. 

Adventure 

Adventuress 
Schooner sailing the Puget Sound area. 

A.J. Meerwald 
A 1928 as an oyster dredger currently sailing the Delaware Bay and River and Coastal New Jersey, with the object of promoting ecological and historical awareness. 

Alexander von Humboldt 

Alvei 
A 125 foot main topsail schooner. 

Schooner America 
The 1995 reproduction. 

American Pride 
A 130ft 3-masted schooner out of Long Beach, California. 

Amerigo Vespucci 

Amistad America, Inc. 
AMISTAD America Inc. is a not-for-profit educational organization formed to promote the Amistad replica. 

Amorina 

The schooner Anna Rogde 
The ruby of North Norwegian coastal culture 

Schooner Appledore 
Operated by BaySail, and located in Bay City, Michigan and sails primarily on the Saginaw Bay and Lake Huron. 

S.T.V. Asgard II 
Irish Sail Training Vessel. 

T.S. Astrid Home Page 

Batavia 
Information on the vessel, a reconstructed 17th Century Dutch East-Indiaman and the process of building her. 

Bluenose II 

The Arctic SchoonerBowdoin 
Built in 1921 for arctic exploration, she's back at it, sailing out of the Maine Maritime Academy. 

Bounty 
The 1962 MGM Studios replica. I even have a picture. 

HMAV Bounty 
Built for the movie "Mutiny on the Bounty" starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins. 

Bytown Brigantine Foundation 
Which operates the Black Jack and the Fair Jeanne. 

Californian 
Re-creation of the 1848-vintage Revenue Cutter, C.W. Lawrence. 

Sailing Yacht Canada 
Information on the vessel and its restoration project. 

Christian Radich 

Clearwater 
Replica of a Hudson River Sloop. Clearwater conducts environmental education, advocacy programs and celebrations to protect the Hudson River 

Clipper City 
Sailing out of Baltimore, Maryland. 

Concordia 
The classroom of Class Afloat. 

USS Constitution 
Old Ironsides - Boston, Mass. 

Cutty Sark 
Permanently at 'anchor' overlooking the River Thames, Greenwich, England. 

Danmark 

Dar Mlodziezy 
The Dar Mlodziezy (Gift of Youth) is a training ship for the Gdynia Maritime Academy, Poland 

U.S. Coast Guard Barque Eagle 

U.S.S. Constellation 

Frigate D. Fernando II e Glória 
The last Frigate to server under sail in the Portugese Navy. Now a museum ship in Lisbon. 

Duyfken 
A replica of the 1606 vessel, Australia's first known European visitor. 

Eendracht 
The Netherlands. 

Elissa 
Information on Elissa from the Texas Seaport Museum. 

Endeavour 
The Endeavour is a full scale sailing replica of the original HM Bark Endeavour in which Captain James Cook made his first historic world voyage of discovery. 

Enterprize 
Replica of the ship that founded Melbourne. Williamstown, Victoria Australia. 

Ernestina 

Bergantín Goleta Esmeralda (6ta) 

S/VEstelle 
An ex-steam/sail trawler which has been renovated and rebuilt into a 3-masted schooner. Based in Findland. 

Bark Europa 
Originally, the German lightship Senator Brockes, built in 1911. 

Eye of the Wind 

Falie 
A 45m barque which has worked the waters around Australia, primarily South Australia, since her purchase in 1923. She was built in Holland in 1919. 

Friendship 
Salem, Massachusetts reconstruction of a 171-foot three-masted Salem East Indiaman. 

Gazela 
The Barkentine Gazela, built in Portugal in 1883 of stone pine and now sailing out of Philadelphia. 

Georg Stage 
This is the new one. The old one, now called Joseph Conrad, is moored permanently at Mystic Seaport. The new visited the old, and I took these pictures of the new Georg Stage Sail Raising. 

The Golden Hinde 

Gorch Fock 

Barque T/S Gunilla 

Half Moon 
Replica of Henry Hudson's Half Moon (Halve Maen). 

Schooner Harvey Gamage 
The schooner Harvey Gamage offers programs of sea education for the youth of America in cooperation with South Street Seaport. 

T/S Havden 
Swedish sail training vessel. 

Hawaiian Chieftain 
Sausalito, California. 

Isaac H. Evans 
Sails on Penobscot Bay, Maine. 

The SchoonerJ & B 
St. John's Harbour, NF, Canada. 

The SchoonerJ & B 
St. John's Harbour, NF, Canada. 

STSJean de la Lune 
Scotland 

Jeanie Johnston 
Replica of famous Irish famine ship. 

Schooner J. & E. Riggin 
Cruising the islands of Midcoast Maine. 

Jens Krogh 
Jens Krogh is a training vessel constructed in 1899 in wood. 

Kaisei 
Japanese training ship. 

Kalmar Nyckel 

Lady Ellen 

Lady Washington 

La Violante 
Based in Sydney during the Australian summer and cruises the South Pacific, based in Vanuatu from May to November every year. 

S.T.S. Leeuwin 
The S.T.S. Leeuwin is a tall ship doing adventure holidays and youth development in Western Australia 

Lewis R. French 
Coasting schooner launched in 1871 cruising each year from Memorial Day to Columbus Day from Camden, Maine. 

Buque Escuela Fragata A.R.A.Libertad 
Argentine barque. 

Galeasen Loyal 

Madeline 
Madeline is a reconstruction of a mid 19th century fore and aft schooner built by the Maritime Heritage Alliance, a non profit organization based in Traverse City, Michigan. 

Mamie A. Mister 
Oyster Skipjack sailing in the Chesapeake. 

Matthew 
Reproduction of John Cabot's ship. 

Morning Star Trust 
The Morning Star Trust is a Christian sail training organisation based in Chatham Historic Dockyard on the River Medway. The Trust operates a 62ft gaff rigged ketch Morning Star of Revelation taking young people sailing in the Thames Estuary, off the East Coast, and, weather permitting, further afield to ports in France, Belgium and Holland. 

Nathaniel Bowditch 
Sailing off the coast of Maine. 

U.S. Brig Niagara 
Reconstruction of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry's flagship in the battle of Lake Erie. Sailing out of Erie, Pennsylvania. 

North End Shipyard Schooners 
North End Schooners is a loose association of 2 traditonal wooden sailing vessels, Heritage and, American Eagle. They are located in Rockland, Maine and are dedicated to preserving Maine's maritime heritage by offering windjammer cruises that allow passengers to experience life at sea. 

S.T.V.One and All 
Australia. 

Oosterschelde 
A three-masted topsail schooner which allows interested parties to participate as passengers on cruises to distant destinations. 

HMCS Oriole 
102 ft ketch owned by the Canadian Navy and used for training of Regular and Reserve Canadian Navy members. 

Picton Castle 
The 178 foot 3-masted steel barque will be starting an 18 month round the world voyage westward bound in the tropics with expense sharing crew and cargo. Getting underway October 1997. See also, Picton Castle. 

Pilgrim 
A full-sized replica of the square-rigged vessel on which Richard Henry Dana sailed into Dana Point Harbor. Owned by the Orange County Marine Institute. 

Pilgrim of Newport 
An accurate replica of a 118' topsail schooner from the 1770's that does mostly educational programs with the Catalina Island Marine Institute and the Orange County Marine Institute in southern California. 

Pride of Baltimore II 

The Continental Sloop Providence 
A 110' foot replica of a 1775 War Sloop, currently sailing out of Providence, Rhode Island. 

S/V Quinnipiack 
A two-masted, gaff-rigged centerboard schooner operated by Schooner, Inc., a non-profit marine education organization dedicated to the conservation of the environment, particularly Long Island Sound and the rivers of Connecticut. 

RIGMOR von Glückstadt 
The ex-customs cutter "RIGMOR", Germany's oldest seagoing sailing vessel of 1853. 

Roald Amundsen 
A 50 metre brig run by LebenLernen auf Segelschiffen e.V. 

HMS Rose 

Roseway 
Last of the Gloucester Grand Banks schooners in regular service. Roseway sails the coast of New England summers and the Caribbean winters. Individual & Group inquiries invited. Offshore re-positioning trips spring and fall. 

The Royaliste 
Replica 18th century gaff rigged square tops'l dispatch gunboat/bomb ketch. 

R.Tucker Thompson 
Based at Opua, in the Bay of Islands, New Zealand. 

St. Lawrence II 
Operated by Brigantine Inc., a non-profit youth program for boys and girls, age 13 to 18, which started in 1953 and is one of the oldest sail training programs in North America. Kingston, Ontario, Canada. 

S.A.L.T.S. Society 
Sail and Life Training Society is non-profit Christian organization that is dedicated to youth training under sail. They operate the vessels Pacific Swift, Robertson II and Pacific Grace. Home port for all vessels is Victoria, BC, Canada. 

Sant Juan Bautista 
Replica of vessel used in Japan's first diplomatic mission to Europe in 1613. Dockside in Miyagi, Japan. 

Schooner, Inc. 
Schooner is a private, non-profit marine education organization dedicated to the conservation of the environment, particularly Long Island Sound and the rivers of Connecticut, and appreciation of their culture, history and future. They operate the 91-foot sailing research vessel Quinnipiack. 

Sea Cloud 

Sea Education Association (SEA) 
Offer opportunities in education, combining the worlds of science and humanities with a once-in-a-lifetime experience on a sailing vessel at sea. Operate the SSV Westward and SSV Corwith Cramer. 

Frigate Shtandart 

Buque EscuelaSimon Bolivar 
Page of BE-11 Simon Bolivar Venezuelan Tall Ship. 

Skibladner II 

Soren Larsen 
Also see my short Soren Larsen page, and my Columbus 500 adventure. 

Sörlandet 

SoundWaters 
The schooner used by SoundWaters, a nonprofit environmental education organization dedicated to the restoration and preservation of Long Island Sound and its watershed through hands-on learning and public awareness. 

STS Spirit of New Zealand 
Spirit of Adventure Trust. New Zealand based. Another site. and another. 

Spirit of Massachusetts 

Stad Amsterdam 
A modern version of a nineteenth-century clipper. 

Stahlratte 
Owned by the association "Verein zur Forderung der Segelschiffahrt e.v." Stahlratte was built in 1903 in Holland as a sailinglogger and since 1984 has been sailing in international waterways. 

Star of India 
Also info here. 

Statsraad Lehmkuhl 

Stephen Taber 
Sailing out of Rockport, Maine. 

SchoonerSultana 
Replica of a 18th century schooner based in Chestertown, Maryland. 

Swan fan Makkum 
Brigantine sailing out of the Netherlands. 

SSV Tabor Boy 
29 meter schooner owned by Tabor Academy, Marion, MA. 

The Schooner Thomas E. Lannon 
Day sailing out of Gloucester, Massachusetts. 

The Schooner Timberwind 
The Schooner Timberwind sails for 3, 4, and six day cruises on the coast of Maine. Traditional sailing at it's best with no engine on board and woodstove cooking. 

STS Young Endeavour 
Australia's sail training ship, operated for the Young Endeavour Youth Scheme by the Royal Australian Navy. 

Victory Chimes 
Three-masted schooner part of the Maine Windjammer fleet. 

Schooner Zodiac 
Based in Seattle, Washington, and is available for day sails as well as longer sailing retreats on Puget Sound and Lake Washington. 

Clipper Zuid-Holland 
Sails on the Dutch Waddenzee. 

Svenska Kryssarklubbens Seglarskola 
The Swedish Cruising Club Sail Training Foundation (english) which operates three traditional sailing vessels vessels, Gratitude, Gratia and Atlantica. 

Toronto Brigantine 
Run the STV Pathfinder and TS Playfair, 22m (72') brigantines 

Sausalito Tall Ships Society 
The Sausalito Tall Ships Society (STSS) is a non-profit organization dedicated to educating people in traditional nautical skills and supporting the operation and preservation of traditional sailing vessels, particularly tall ships. 

Association of Sea Training Organisations 
The Association of Sea Training Organisations - is an "umbrella" association which exists to represent the major sail training schemes in Great Britain. 

Sail Training International 
Its purpose is the education and development of young people of all nationalities, religions and social background through sailing. Its subsidiary company Sail Training International Events Limited organises the Tall Ship's Races (for sail training vessels), conferences and seminars. 

Southampton and Salisbury branch of STA 
Includes unofficial description of STA, and also description of vessels STS Sir Winston Churchill and STS Malcolm Miller. 

L'Association Francaise des Amis des Grands Voiliers 
An organization whose goals include promoting sail training courses aboard tall ships from different countries. 

Windjammer-Freunde-München 

Cutty Sark Tall Ships Race 

Americas' Sail 
An organization dedicated to promoting public tall ship events and festivals and an exchange of cultural experiences between, but not limited to, North and South America. 

Star Clippers 

Mot Bädttre Vetande, MBV 
MBV operates three sail training vessels: Hawila, Astrid Finne, and soon Gunilla. 

Northwest Schooner Society 
The Northwest Schooner Society was established in 1994 to preserve schooners and to introduce more people to the thrill of sailing classic ships. Currently, they operate the schooners Zodiac and Martha. 

Traverse Tall Ship Co. 
Operates the schooners Manitou and Malabar out of Traverse City, Michigan in lakes Michigan and Huron. 

Jubilee Sailing Trust 
Where physically disabled and able-bodied people share the challenge of crewing a tall ship at sea. Southampton, England. 

My Tall Ships FAQ 
Mostly it is useful because it has a list of national sail training (tallship) organizations. Many of them have Web pages! 

Tallship Related Items 
More tallship links that have overflowed from this page. 

Sailing Opportunities

This is oriented to the stuff I'm interested in. Also check out my more normal Sailboat Chartering page. It's not that these organizations don't have your nice sunny charters, but that they also have the more out-of-the-way opportunities. 
Soren Larsen 
Information and route of this great vessel. See my Columbus 500 adventure for instance. 

Ocean Voyages 
A broker I have used to find interesting sailing opportunities. 

Arctic Adventours, Inc 
About The Arctic Explorer Project... or why on earth does anybody want to travel to cold and remote areas?
The idea behind these expeditions is to sail to the areas & spots of the Arctic that are inaccessible by other means of transportation. By using a sailing boat, we can attain that with a maximum of comfort and a minimum of noise and pollution. 

Sites that match crew and boats 
This is a collection of sites that provide matching services to help crew find boats, and boats find crew. 

Maritime Museums Online

Aberdeen Maritime Museum 
Aberdeen Maritime Museum is currently housed one of the city's oldest surviving buildings known as Provost Ross's House (right) in the Shiprow. Through outstanding collections of maritime fine art, historic ship models, drawings and objects the Museum tells the fascinating story of the North East's long association with the sea. 

Aegean Maritime Museum 
Mykonos, Greece 

Alexandria Seaport Foundation 
The Foundation runs the Craddock Boat Building School, restores historic watercraft and conducts a marine environmental sciences program. Alexandria, Virgina. 

American Victory Mariners Memorial & Museum Ship 
American Victory is a 1945 built merchant marine vessel of the victory class. Tampa, Florida. 

The Antique Boat Museum 
Preserving the boats, engines and artifacts, the people and skills that developed them and their influence on life along the St. Lawrence River. Clayton, New York. 

Ålands Sjöfartsmuesum 
This site contains information on the Åland Maritime Museum in Mariehamn including a tour of the museum. (The Åland Islands are a series of islands between Finland and Sweden.) 

Australian National Maritime Museum, Darling Harbour 
Sydney, Australia. 

Nationaal Baggermuseum 
Dutch National Museum of Dredging at Sliedrecht, Netherlands. 

Bartholomeu Diaz Martime Museum 
Mossel Bay, South Africa. 

Bataviawerf and Nationaal Scheepshistorisch Centrum 
Lelystad, The Netherlands. 

Battleship Cove Fall River, Massachusetts 
Five ships including U.S.S Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr., the Battleship Massachusetts, and the MGM replica of the HMS Bounty. 

Biloxi Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum 
Biloxi, Mississippi. 

Brasil Maritmo 

Bremerton Naval Museum 
Bremerton, Washington. 

Calvert Marine Museum 
Solomons, Maryland 

Canal Park and Museum 
Located on the shore of Lake Superior at the Duluth Ship Canal. 

Cape Code Maritime Museum 
Hyannis, MA. 

Captain Cook Memorial Museum, Whitby 
Whitby, North Yorkshire, UK. 

Charlestown Navy Yard 
Part of the Boston National Historical Park in Boston, Mass. 

Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum 
Located on a peninsula in the harbor of historic and picturesque St. Michaels, the Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum has grown from a single house when it was established in 1965 to an 18-acre campus of restored buildings and new structures erected to exhibit a comprehensive collection of Bay artifacts and to preserve the cultural heritage of the Chesapeake Bay. 

Chittenango Landing Canal Boat Museum 
Chittenango, New York 

The Clyde Maritime Centre 
The Clyde Maritime Centre is located at Yorkhill Quay, Glasgow. 

Cold Spring Harbor Whaling Museum 
Cold Spring Harbor, NY. 

Columbia River Maritime Museum 
Astoria, Oregon. 

Connecticut River Museum 
Essex, Connecticut. 

Deutsches Museum: Schiffahrt 
Marine Navigation at the Deutsches Museum in München, as well as many other maritime related exhibits. 

Deutsches Schiffahrtsmuseum 
German Maritime Museum. Bremerhaven, Germany. 

Discovery Harbour 
Replica of the Royal Naval establishment at Penetanguishene, Ontario, Canada. Includes replicas of H.M.S. Tecumseth and H.M.S. Bee. 

Door County Maritime Museum 
Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. (On Lake Michigan). 

The Dory Shop 
Shelburne, Nova Scotia, Canada. 

Egan Institute of Maritime Studies 
Nantucket, Massachusetts. 

East End Seaport Maritime Museum 
Greenport, Long Island, New York. 

The Erie Canal Museum 
The Erie Canal Museum is located in Syracuse, NY, on the site of the original canal that once passed through the heart of the city of Syracuse. The museum features many exhibits of canal era activities, including the construction and the influence that the canal has had on the economic and cultural development of upstate New York. 

Essex Historical Society & Shipbuilding Museum 
Includes a museum and the Story Shipyard. Essex, Massachusetts. 

The Estonian State Maritime Museum (Meremuuseum) 
Exhibits the general history of shipping and fishing in Estonia. Tallinn, Estonia. 

Exeter Maritime Museum 

Fisheries Museum of the Atlantic 
Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, Canada. 

Fisherman's Life Museum 
Jeddore Oyster Ponds, Nova Scotia, Canada. 

Fiskeri- og Søfartsmuseet 
Fisheries and Maritime Museum, Esbjerg, Denmark. 

Flagstaff Hill Maritime Museum 
Victoria, Australia. 

Francis Russell Hart Nautical Museum at MIT 
The focus of the collections has been on the technical history of ship and small craft design, construction, and propulsion. The majority of the material is from the New England area in the late 19th century and the 20th century. As this has mirrored the work done in the Department of Ocean Engineering, the collections also contain items from the department's history. Physically, the holdings consist of drawings, books, models, photographic materials, marine art and artifacts. 

Geelong Maritime Museum 
North Geelong, Victoria, Australia. 

Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum 
Whitefish Point, Michigan. 

Hampton Roads Naval Museum 
Hampton Roads, Virginia. 

Handels- og Søfartsmuseet på Kronborg 
Danish Maritime Museum, Kronborg, Helsing, Denmark. 

Havre de Grace Maritime Museum 
Havre de Grace, Maryland 

Hellenic Maritime Museum 
Piraeus, Hellas, Greece. 

The Herreshoff Marine Museum & America's Cup Hall of Fame 
Bristol, Rhode Island. 

Hudson River Maritime Museum 
Kingston, New York. 

The Hunterian Museum, University of Glasgow 
Includes a nice virtual exhibit: Captain Cook: Voyage of Discovery and promise of an upcoming one on the Vikings. 

Independence Seaport Museum 
Located on Philadelphia's historic Penn's Landing. 

Inland Seas Maritime Museum 
Vermilion, Ohio. 

Institute for Exploration 
Dr. Robert Ballard's institute, associated with the Mystic Aquarium. 

Intrepid Sea Air Space Museum 
USS Intrepid moored in New York City Harbor. 

Jeremiah O'Brien 
Liberty Ship 

The Kendall Whaling Museum 
Sharon, Mass. 

Kilens Skeppsbyggnadsmuseum 
History of shipbuilding, shipbuilders and ships of Sideby in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. Over 130 sailing vessels were built on the shipyards of Sideby between 1828-1920 (in Swedish). 

Lake Champlain Maritime Museum 
Basin Harbor, Vermont. 

Long Island Maritime Museum 
West Sayville, New York. 

Los Angeles Maritime Museum 
San Pedro, California. 

Maine Maritime Museum 
Founded in 1962, Maine Maritime Museum collects, preserves and interprets materials relating to the maritime history of Maine. It is located on the banks of the Kennebec River in Bath. 

Maine Watercraft Museum 
Thomaston, Maine. 

The Mariners' Museum 
There are more than 35,000 artifacts, 500,000+ photographic images and negatives, as well as one of the largest Maritime library collection in the Western Hemisphere ( over 75,000 volumes in the collection). Gosh, and a bunch of it is starting to appear online! 

Marinemuseet i Horten 
Norway. 

Marine Museum at Fall River 
Fall River, Mass. 

Marine Museum of the Great Lakes At Kingston 
Collection contains artifacts representative of those used aboard sailing, steam and small craft on the Great Lakes; 8,000 titles in the library covering most aspects of Canadian marine activities; design drawings, shipyards, builders plans (30,000 items); private and corporate papers, cinematic, video and audio tapes; database of 4500 ships registered at ports on the Great Lakes mostly from the 19th century. Includes info on research services. 

Marinha de Guerra Portuguesa 
Portugal War Navy Museum. Lisbon, Portugal. 

Marinmuseum 
Swedish Naval Museum. On the island of Stumholmen, which lies close to the centre of Karlskrona. 

Maritime Command Museum 
Features exhibits, artifacts, photographs and historical documents from the Royal Canadian Navy. Halifax, NS, Canada. 

Maritime Museum of the Atlantic 
The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic is the marine history division of the Nova Scotia Museum. This unique museum, located on the revitalized Halifax waterfront, offers visitors many opportunities to discover Atlantic Canada's maritime heritage. 

The Maritime Museum of British Columbia 
Victoria, British Columbia, Canada 

Maritime Museum of Crete 

The Maritime Museum of Finland 
Helsinki, Finland. 

Maritime Museum of Monterey 
Monterey, California 

Maritime Museum of Townsville 
Townsville, Queensland, Australia. 

Maritime & Yachting Museum 
Stuart, Florida. 

Marquette Maritime Museum 
The Marquette Maritime Museum tells the story of the Maritime heritage of Marquette and Lake Superior. Located in Marquette, Michigan. 

Mary Rose Virtual Museum 
The Mary Rose was a four masted warship, built on the orders of Henry VIII between 1510 and 1511. After a long and successful period of service she sank accidentally during an engagement with the French fleet in the Solent in 1545. Her rediscovery and raising were one of the seminal events in the history of nautical archaeology. The ship was raised by and is being cared for by the Mary Rose Trust. There is also news. 

Merseyside Maritime Museum 
Liverpool, UK. 

Michigan Maritime Museum 
South Haven, Michigan. 

Mississippi River Museum 
Dubuque, Iowa. 

Miyagi Prefesture Sailing Ship Musium 
Miyagi, Japan. (I currently only have a link to their vessel). 

Monitor National Marine Sanctuary 
On January 30, 1975, the U.S. designated its first national marine sanctuary. The site was the wreck of the USS Monitor, a Civil War vessel that lies off the coast of North Carolina. 

The Musée de la Mer 
Magdalen Islands. 

Museo Navale Romano 
Italy. 

Museo Naval y Marítimo 
Valparaiso - Chile 

Museu de Marinha - Maritime Museum 
The Maritime Museum was founded by King Luís on July 22nd 1863 in Lisbon, Portugal. Includes history of the museum and images from their collection. 

Museu Marítim de Barcelona 
Barcelona, Spain. 

The Museum in Docklands 
Explores the story of London's River. London, UK. 

Museum of Tropical Queensland 
Maritime archeology center. Townsville, Queensland, Australia. 

Museum of Yachting 
Newport, Rhode Island. 

Mystic Seaport 
Mystic Seaport is a non-profit museum whose mission is to tell the story of America and the Sea. Founded in 1929, the Museum has become the largest institution of its kind, with 22,000 members, 450,000 annual visitors, and more than two million items in the collection, including the largest assemblage of historic watercraft in existence. 

Nantucket Life-Saving Museum 
Nantucket. 

The National Maritime Museum 
The museum in Greenwich, London. 

National Maritime Museum Association 
The National Maritime Museum Association is a non profit organization dedicated to maritime preservation and education in order to enhance public understanding, appreciation and enjoyment of our national maritime heritage. The Association assists, and encourages community participation in and support of, the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park, a unit of the National Park Service. 

National Maritime Museum (Israel) 
Information on this museum located in Haifa. 

Nauticus 
NAUTICUS, The National Maritime Center. A family-oriented nautical "theme park" with over 150 interactive, and fun, exhibits relating to the sea and man's relationship with it. 

The Naval Museum of Alberta 

The Navy Museum 
U.S. Navy. Washington Navy Yard, Washington, D.C. 

Nelson's Dockyard Museum 
This museum tells the story of English Harbour and of the people that toiled and sweated in this naval yard. It will also explain the 20th century return of sailing ships and the aims and aspirations of Nelson's Dockyard National Park. A library and database of Caribbean naval history is available for researchers. - St. John's, Antigua, West Indies. 

Naval Museum of Thera 

New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park 
Commemorates the history and heritage of New Bedford as the world's leading port for the whaling industry. New Bedford, Massachusetts. 

New Jersey Naval Museum 
Home of the submarine: USS LING SS-297. Hackensack, New Jersey. 

New Netherland Museum 
Croton-on-Hudson, New York. The museum operates the Half Moon, a reproduction of the ship that Henry Hudson sailed from Holland to the New World in 1609. 

New Zealand National Maritime Museum 
Celebrates New Zealand's maritime heritage and the voyaging traditions and craft of the Pacific. Auckland, New Zealand. 

Nippon-Maru Memorial Park & Yokohama Maritime Museum 
Yokohama, Japan. 

Nobska News: New England Steamship Foundation 
Nobska News is the official newsletter of the New England Steamship Foundation, the non-profit society dedicated to the preservation of the S.S. NOBSKA, America's last coastal steamship. 

Norsk Sjøfartsmuseum 
The Norwegian Maritime Museum located in Oslo. 

North Carolina Maritime Museum 
The North Carolina Maritime Museum documents, collects, preserves, and researches the maritime history--and its corollary natural history-- of coastal North Carolina for the purpose of interpreting this history through educational services and exhibits for our contemporary society, and passing intact its material culture to future generations. 

NYK Maritime Museum (Nippon Yusen Rekishi-Shiryokan) 
Yokohama, Japan. 

Odyssey, The Maritime Discovery Center 
Seattle, Washington. 

Old Dartmouth Historical Society - New Bedford Whaling Museum 
New Bedford, Massachusetts. intact its material culture to future generations. 

Oregon Maritime Center and Museum 
Portland, Oregon. 

The Peabody Essex Museum 
Includes an interesting section on Maritime Art and History. 

Penobscot Marine Museum 
Searsport, Maine. 

Pensacola Maritime Preservation Society 
Pensacola, Florida. 

Plymouth Naval Base Museum 
Plymouth, UK. 

Port Albert Maritime Museum 
Port Albert, Victoria, Australia. 

Port of Echuca 
A working steam port. Echuca, Victoria, Australia. 

Portland Maritime Discovery Centre 
Portland, Victoria, Australia. 

Portsmouth Historic Ships 
The British Royal Dockyard, the Royal Naval Museum along with the vessels, The Mary Rose, HMS Victory and HMS Warrior 1860. 

Puget Sound Maritime Historical Society 
Working to establish a permanent Maritime Heritage Center, they currently exhibit materials at a variety of Seattle, WA sites. 

Queensland Maritime Museum 
South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. 

Reedville Fishermen's Museum 
Dedicated to preserving the heritage of the maritime history of the Virginia Chesapeake Bay area. Reedsville, Virginia. 

The River and Rowing Museum 
Mill Meadows, Henley-on-Thames, England. 

A Short History of the Royal Greenwich Observatory 

Saginaw River Marine Historical Society 
Bay City, Michigan 

Salem Maritime National Historic Site 
U.S. National Park established to preserve and interpret the maritime history of New England and the United States. Salem, Massachusetts. 

Samson V Maritime Museum 
New Westminister, British Columbia, Canada. 

San Diego Aircraft Carrier Museum 
USS Midway. 

San Diego Maritime Museum 
Including info on the Star of India. 

San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park 
Also check out the pages by the National Maritime Museum Association about this U.S. National Park, including information on their historic vessels. 

Santa Barbara Maritime Museum 
Santa Barbara, California. 

Scheepvaartmuseum 
Netherlands Maritime Museum, located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. 

Schifffahrts- und Marinemuseum Schloss Tessenow 

Shelburne Museum 
Home of the steamship Ticonderoga. The Ticonderoga is America's last remaining side paddlewheel passenger steamer with a vertical beam engine of the type that provided freight and passenger service on America's lakes and rivers from the early l9th to mid-20th centuries. A registered National Historic Landmark, the Ti was commissioned by the Champlain Transportation Company and built in 1906 at the Shelburne Shipyard on Lake Champlain. 

Smithsonian: The Hall of American Maritime Enterprise 
Overview from the National Museum of American History. The Hall of American Maritime Enterprise portrays three centuries of ocean and river commerce with photographs, objects, films, and models of sailing ships and steamships. 

SJÖHISTORISKA MUSEET 
The National Maritime Museum of Sweden. Stockholm, Sweden. 

Soo Locks Visitor's Center 
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers facility describing the history of locks on the Great Lakes. Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. 

South African Maritime Museum 
Cape Town, South Africa 

South Australian Maritime Museum 
Port Adelaide, SA, Australia. 

A la rencontre de Sindbad 
An exhibit at Musée de la marine in Paris, placed online by The french ministry of culture and francophonie. I haven't found a pointer to the museum itself, yet. 

The Southport Maritime Museum 
The Southport Maritime Museum houses a collection of memorabilia pertaining to the vast nautical history of 'The Lower Cape Fear' area of southeastern North Carolina. [Not much info on the net yet, 8/12/95 - but a start!] 

The South Street Seaport Museum 
The South Street Seaport Museum occupies the site of the original port in lower Manhattan, New York City. This eleven-square-block historic district of stone-paved streets and eighteenth- and nineteenth-century buildings takes its name from the renowned "Street of Ships," and is now home to the museum's fleet of historic vessels. 

Stavanger Sjøfartsmuseum 
Tge Stavanger Maritime Museum is a department of Stavanger Museum. Stavanger, Norway. 

Sydney Maritime Museum 
Sydney, Australia 

Sydney Heritage Fleet 
Includes the tall ship 1874 barque James Craig, classic steamers and sailing craft, and a library and extensive photo collection. Sydney, Australia 

John A. Noble Collection 
The John A. Noble Collection, is a museum and maritime study center located on the historic grounds of New York's Staten Island's Snug Harbor Cultural Center. 

Tahoe Maritime Museum 
Lake Tahoe, CA. 

Texas Maritime Museum 
Rockport, Texas. 

Texas Seaport Museum 

Toms River Seaport Society and Maritime Museum 
Toms River, New Jersey. 

Tuckerton Seaport 
Showcases the rich maritime history of Southern Ocean County, New Jersey. Tuckerton, New Jersey. 

Turkish Naval Museum 
Istanbul, Turkey. 

Untzi Museoa - Museo Naval 
Donostia / San Sebastian, Spain. 

U.S. Coast Guard Museum 
Located in Waesche Hall on the grounds of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut. 

U.S. Merchant Marine Museum 
Museum devoted to the U.S. merchant seaman of World War II. Anderson, Indiana. 

U. S. Naval Academy Museum 
Annapolis, Maryland. 

U.S. Naval War College Museum 
Newport, RI 

United States Naval and Shipbuilding Museum 
Quincy, Massachusetts 

USS Constitution Museum 
Boston, Massachusetts. 

Vancouver Maritime Museum 
Information on the museum, including the vessel RCMP schooner St. Roch 

The Vasa Museum 
In August 1628 the royal warship Vasa heeled over and sank on her maiden voyage, before leaving Stockholm harbour. The Vasa was the most expensive and perhaps most richly decorated naval vessel that Sweden had ever built. She was the King`s pride and the mightiest naval ship of her time. In 1956 Anders Franzén found the ship and initiated one of Sweden`s largest ever projects of marine archaeology. There is also a museum overview. 

Vikingeskibsmuseet i Roskilde 
Viking Ship Museum in Roskilde, Denmark. 

Walker Transportation Collection 
This organization is associated with the Beverly Historical Society & Museum in Beverly, Mass and have around 100,000 photos covering all forms of transportation in New England. A good number of them cover ships and boats in and around New England. They also have a collection of books and other related material, pertaining to nautica. All material is avaiable to the public. 

Western Australian Maritime Museum 
The Western Australian Maritime Museum is part of the Western Australian Museum. It is located in Fremantle and consists of the Maritime Museum, the Historic Boats Museum as museum venues and the Departments of Maritime Archaeology, Maritime History and Education. 

Westport Maritime Museum 
Westport, Washington. 

The Steamer William G. Mather Museum 
The William G. Mather is a retired Great Lakes Bulk Freighter. In December, 1987, the Steamer William G Mather was donated to The Great Lakes Historical Society. In October 1990, she was moved to her permanent berth at the East Ninth Street Pier on Cleveland's North Coast Harbor. 

Wisconsin Maritime Museum 
Presents history of the ships of Lake Michigan. Exhibits include the WWII submarine USS Cobia. Located in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. 

The Wooden Boat Foundation 
Located in the heart of the Victorian Seaport of Port Townsend, Washington. 

New York and New Jersey Info 
Some stuff I've collected about maritime sites in the NY - NJ area. 

Cubberley & Shaw Maritime Museum News 
Website for a newsletter that provides information about maritime heritage activities throughout New England. 

International Congress of Maritime Museums 
A professional guild of institutions, organizations, and individuals in the maritime-preservation field, dedicated to international friendship, collegial cooperation, and mutual understanding. 

Council of American Maritime Museums 

Maritime Museums in Greece 
Gopher information on maritime and naval museums in Greece. 

A listing or hypertext of maritime museums. Look here for for museums in the UK. 
The first listing is collected from sci.military, and is definitely biased toward places that have boats, especially ones of military significance. The second is the first augmented. The last is UK only. 

Robert H. Smith's Index 
Or more formally: Robert H. Smith's Master Index of North American Maritime Museum Internet Resources. 

Other Sailing Resources

The majority of this section is now located at other sailing resources, but I thought I'd leave a handful of sites as a teaser. 
Sailing FAQ or Sailing FAQ 
Two locations of the rec.boats FAQ maintained by jfh@cs.brown.edu (John Forbes Hughes). Here is some info on his boat Sarah. 

A directory of boat images from Steve Blair at tivoli.com 

PPL Photo Gallery 
Samples of of photographs held by PPL by subject. 

Wavelength Studios 
Sailing images from Andrew Sims, Marine Photographer. 

Popeye the Sailor 
I have to admit, I much prefer the original Segar Popeye to the later versions. 

International Maritime Organization 
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) is the United Nations' specialized agency responsible for improving maritime safety and preventing pollution from ships. 

U.S. Coast Guard Online Resources 

Links to Coast Guard Related Web Sites 

Canadian Coast Guard 
Information on the Canadian Coast Guard and boating in Canada. 

Rescue Coordination Centre Bermuda / Bermuda Harbour Radio 

Royal National Lifeboat Institution 
Also see Red Bay RNLI Lifeboat Station 

International Marine Signal Flags, semaphores and some national flags 
For instance you now know the interpretation of the flag sequence: 

My vessel is a dangerous source of radiation; you may approach from aft. 

Tide Info 
This account is intended to provide an easily accessible data base of tidal heights and winds along the U.S. east coast. See README file. 

GPS 
These are a sample of GPS information available on the net. 

NMEA 0183 Interface 
This is a small sample of NMEA 0183 information available on the net. I haven't been following this very carefully, so there are probably better references. 

More Sailing Resources! 
This is where I've moved all those other sites, that weren't easily catagorized, but yet I found interesting. 

Mark wrestling with a Major Boat

---------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm always open to adding resources to my list, so if you know of other items, give me a holler: mbrmbr@acm.org 

History: The early history of this site is clouded in the mysteries of my forgetful memory. Initially, the site started out as a page of my sailing bookmarks. Soon after that I, created the site. The earliest file, which I still have, (tall-ships-faq) was modified on June 18 1993. I moved the site off my personal machine when my company installed their first firewall onto an SGI Indigo R4000 called community, located outside the firewall. My log files from that machine begin June 13, 1994. In September 1996, I established the domain apparent-wind.com and in August 1997 began moving visitors from the community machine to apparent-wind.com. In late summer 1998 I turned community off and all traffic is now served from the apparent-wind.com domain. 
Page last updated: Jul 15 06:38:56 2003 EST. 
Current (Jan. 2001) Traffic: about 35 people an hour
(I often forget to update the last updated, so things might be more recent.) 

Copyright 1993-2003 Mark Rosenstein. Disclaimer. 