
U.S. Department of State
 Bureau of Consular Affairs	 	

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Links to United States Embassies and Consulates Worldwide 

Please, visit the Consular Sections at these U.S. Embassy and Consulate home pages.... 

Select the first letter of the country where the U.S. Embassy or Consulate is located
 to go directly to that part of the list. 

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Z 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan 

U.S. Embassy in Luanda, Angola and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina and the Consular Section in Buenos Aires 

U.S. Embassy in Yerevan, Armenia and the Consular Section in Yerevan 

U.S. Embassy in Canberra, Australia and the Consular Section in Canberra 

U.S. Consulate General in Sydney, Australia and the Consular Section in Sydney 

U.S. Consulate General in Melbourne, Australia 

U.S. Consulate General in Perth, Australia 

U.S. Embassy in Vienna, Austria and the Consular Section in Vienna 

U.S. Embassy in Baku, Azerbaijan 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Nassau, the Bahamas and the Consular Section in Nassau 

U.S. Embassy in Manama, Bahrain and the Consular Section in Manama 

U.S. Embassy in Dhaka, Bangladesh and the Consular Section in Dhaka 

U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados and the Consular Section in Bridgetown 

U.S. Embassy in Minsk, Belarus and the Consular Section in Minsk 

U.S. Embassy in Brussels, Belgium and its services for Americans, nonimmigrant visa services and immigrant visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Cotonou, Benin and the Consular Section in Cotonou 

U.S. Embassy in La Paz, Bolivia and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Gaborone, Botswana and the Consular Section 

U.S. Embassy in Brasilia, Brazil 

U.S. Consulate General in Sao Paulo, Brazil 

U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 

U.S. Embassy in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei and the Consular Section 

U.S. Embassy in Sofia, Bulgaria and the Consular Section in Sofia 

U.S. Embassy in Burkina Faso and the Consular Section 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh, Cambodia and the Consular Section in Phnom Penh 

U.S. Embassy in Yaounde, Cameroon and the Consular Section in Yaounde 

U.S. Embassy in Ottawa, Canada 

U.S. Embassy in Praia, Cape Verde 

U.S. Embassy in N'Djamena, Chad 

U.S. Embassy in Santiago, Chile 

U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu, China 

U.S. Consulate General in Guangzhou, China and its services for Americans, nonimmigrant visas and immigrant visas 

U.S. Consulate General in Shanghai, China and the Consular Section in Shanghai 

U.S. Consulate General in Shenyang, China 

U.S. Embassy in Bogota, Colombia 

U.S. Embassy in Kinshasa, Congo, the Democratic Republic of and the Consular Section in Kinshasa 

U.S. Embassy in San Jose, Costa Rica and the Consular Section in San Jose 

U.S. Embassy in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire and the Consular Section in Abidjan 

U.S. Embassy in Zagreb, Croatia and the Consular Section in Zagreb 

U.S. Interests Section in Havana, Cuba 

U.S. Consulate General in Curacao, Netherlands Antilles 

U.S. Embassy in Nicosia, Cyprus and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Prague, Czech Republic and the Consular Section in Prague 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Copenhagen, Denmark and its American citizens services and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic and the Consular Section in Santo Domingo 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Quito, Ecuador 

U.S. Embassy in Cairo, Egypt and the Consular Section in Cairo 

U.S. Embassy in San Salvador, El Salvador and the Consular Section in San Salvador 

U.S. Embassy in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea and the Consular Section in Malabo 

U.S. Embassy in Tallinn, Estonia and the Consular Section in Tallinn 

U.S. Embassy in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and the Consular Section in Addis Ababa 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Suva, Fiji and the Consular Section in Suva 

U.S. Embassy in Helsinki, Finland and the Consular Section in Helsinki 

U.S. Embassy in Paris, France and the Consular Section in Paris 

U.S. Consulate General in Marseille, France 

U.S. Consulate General in Strasbourg, France 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Libreville, Gabon and the Consular Section in Libreville 

U.S. Embassy in Tblisi, Georgia and the Consular Section in Tblisi 

U.S. Mission in Germany and the Consular Sections in Germany 

U.S. Embassy in Accra, Ghana and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Athens, Greece and its services for Americans, nonimmigrant visas and immigrant visas 

U.S. Consulate General in Thessaloniki, Greece 

U.S. Embassy in Guatemala City, Guatemala 

U.S. Embassy in Conakry, Guinea and the Consular Section in Conakry 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince, Haiti and the Consular Section in Port-au-Prince 

U.S. Embassy to the Holy See (Vatican City) 

U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong and its services to Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Tegucigalpa, Honduras and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Budapest, Hungary and the Consular Section in Budapest 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Reykjavik, Iceland and the Consular Section in Reykjavik 

U.S. Embassy in New Delhi, India and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Consulate General in Calcutta, India and the Consular Section in Calcutta 

U.S. Consulate General in Chennai (Madras), India 

U.S. Consulate General in Mumbai, India 

U.S. Embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Dublin, Ireland 

U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv, Israel and the Consular Section in Tel Aviv 

U.S. Embassy in Rome, Italy and the Consular Section in Rome 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Kingston, Jamaica and the Consular Section in Kingston 

U.S. Embassy in Tokyo, Japan and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Consulate in Fukuoka, Japan and the Consular Section in Fukuoka 

U.S. Consulate in Nagoya, Japan and the Consular Section in Nagoya 

U.S. Consulate General in Naha, Okinawa, Japan and the Consular Section in Naha 

U.S. Consulate General's Consular Section in Osaka-Kobe, Japan 

U.S. Consulate in Sapporo, Japan and the Consular Section in Sapporo 

U.S. Consulate General in Jerusalem and the Consular Section in Jerusalem 

U.S. Embassy in Amman, Jordan and the Consular Section in Amman 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Almaty, Kazakhstan 

U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya and the Consular Section in Nairobi 

U.S. Embassy in Seoul, Korea and the Consular Section in Seoul 

U.S. Embassy in Kuwait and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan and the Consular Section in Bishkek 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Vientiane, Laos and the Consular Section in Vientiane 

U.S. Embassy in Riga, Latvia 

U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Monrovia, Liberia and the Consular Section in Monrovia 

U.S. Embassy in Lima, Peru and its services for Americans, nonimmigrant visas and immigrant visas 

U.S. Embassy in Vilnius, Lithuania and the Consular Section in Vilnius 

U.S. Embassy in Luxembourg and its services for Americans and visa services 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Skopje, Macedonia and the Consular Section in Skopje 

U.S. Embassy in Antananarivo, Madagascar and the Consular Section in Antananarivo 

U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and the Consular Section in Kuala Lumpur 

U.S. Embassy in Bamako, Mali and the Consular Section in Bamako 

U.S. Embassy in Valletta, Malta and the Consular Section in Valletta 

U.S. Embassy in Majuro, the Marshall Islands 

U.S. Embassy in Port Louis, Mauritius and the Consular Section in Port Louis 

U.S. Embassy in Mexico City, Mexico and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Consulate General in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico and its services for Americans and immigrant and nonimmigrant visa services 

U.S. Consulate General in Guadalajara, Mexico 

U.S. Consulate in Merida, Mexico 

U.S. Consulate in Monterrey, Mexico 

U.S. Consulate General in Tijuana, Mexico 

U.S. Embassy in Kolonia, Micronesia and the Consular Section in Kolonia 

U.S. Embassy in Chisinau, Moldova and the Consular Section in Chisinau 

U.S. Embassy in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia and the Consular Section in Ulaanbaatar 

U.S. Embassy in Rabat, Morocco and the Consular Section in Rabat 

U.S. Embassy in Maputo, Mozambique and the Consular Section in Maputo 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Windhoek, Namibia 

U.S. Embassy in Kathmandu, Nepal and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in The Hague, Netherlands 

U.S. Consulate General in Amsterdam, Netherlands and the Consular Section in Amsterdam 

U.S. Consulate General in Curacao, Netherlands Antilles 

U.S. Embassy in Wellington, New Zealand 

U.S. Consulate General in Auckland, New Zealand

U.S. Embassy in Managua, Nicaragua 

U.S. Embassy in Niamey, Niger and the Consular Section in Niamey 

U.S. Embassy in Lagos, Nigeria and the Consular Section in Lagos 

U.S. Embassy in Oslo, Norway and the Consular Section in Oslo 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Muscat, Oman and the Consular Section in Muscat 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Islamabad, Pakistan and the Consular Section in Islamabad 

U.S. Consulate in Karachi, Pakistan 

U.S. Consulate in Lahore, Pakistan 

U.S. Consulate in Peshawar, Pakistan and the Consular Section in Peshawar 

U.S. Embassy in Panama City, Panama 

U.S. Embassy in Lima, Peru and the Consular Section in Lima 

U.S. Embassy in Manila, the Philippines and the Consular Section in Manila 

U.S. Consulate General in Krakow, Poland and the Consular Section in Krakow 

U.S. Embassy in Warsaw, Poland 

U.S. Embassy in Lisbon, Portugal and the Consular Section in Lisbon 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Doha, Qatar 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Bucharest, Romania and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Moscow, Russia and the Consular Section in Moscow 

U.S. Consulate General in St. Petersburg, Russia and the Consular Section in St. Petersburg 

The Consular Section of the U.S. Consulate General in Vladivostok, Russia 

U.S. Consulate General in Yekatarinburg, Russia and the Consular Section in Yekatarinburg 

U.S. Embassy in Kigali, Rwanda and the American Citizens Services and nonimmigrant visa information 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and the Consular Section in Riyadh 

U.S. Consulate General in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia 

U.S. Consulate General in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia 

U.S. Consulate General in Edinburgh, Scotland 

U.S. Embassy in Dakar, Senegal and the Consular Section in Dakar 

U.S. Embassy in Belgrade, Serbia & Montengro and the Consular Section in Belgrade 

U.S. Embassy in Singapore and its services for Americans, nonimmigrant visas and immigrant visas 

U.S. Embassy in Bratislava, Slovakia and the Consular Section in Bratislava 

U.S. Embassy in Ljubljana, Slovenia and the Consular Section in Ljubljana 

U.S. Embassy in Pretoria, South Africa and the Consular Section in Pretoria 

U.S. Embassy in Madrid, Spain and the Consular Section in Madrid 

U.S. Embassy in Colombo, Sri Lanka and the Consular Section in Colombo 

U.S. Embassy in Khartoum, Sudan and the Consular Services available from Khartoum 

U.S. Embassy in Paramaribo, Suriname and the Consular Section in Paramaribo 

U.S. Embassy in Stockholm, Sweden and the Consular Section in Stockholm 

U.S. Embassy in Mbabane, Swaziland and the Consular Section in Mbabane 

U.S. Embassy in Bern, Switzerland 

U.S. Embassy in Damascus, Syria and the Consular Section in Damascus 

Back to Top 

American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) 

U.S. Embassy in Dushanbe, Tajikistan and the Consular Section in Dushanbe 

U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and the Consular Section in Dar es Salaam 

U.S. Embassy in Bangkok, Thailand and the Consular Section in Bangkok 

U.S. Consulate General in Chiang Mai, Thailand 

U.S. Embassy in Lome, Togo and the Consular Section 

U.S. Embassy in Port-of-Spain, Trinidad and Tobago and the Consular Section in Port-of-Spain 

U.S. Embassy in Tunis, Tunisia and it's services for Americans, non-immigrant visas and immigrant visas 

U.S. Embassy in Ankara, Turkey 

U.S. Consulate in Adana, Turkey 

U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul, Turkey and the Consular Section in Istanbul 

U.S. Embassy in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan and the Consular Section in Ashgabat 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Kiev, Ukraine 

U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates and the Consular Section in Abu Dhabi 

U.S. Embassy in London, United Kingdom and its services for Americans and visa services 

U.S. Embassy in Montevideo, Uruguay 

U.S. Embassy in Tashkent, Uzbekistan and the Consular Section in Tashkent 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Caracas, Venezuela and its Consular Section in Caracas 

U.S. Embassy in Hanoi, Vietnam and the Consular Section in Hanoi 

U.S. Consulate General in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Sanaa, Yemen and the Consular Section in Sanaa

Back to Top 

U.S. Embassy in Lusaka, Zambia and the Consular Section in Lusaka 

U.S. Embassy in Harare, Zimbabwe 

Back to Top 

  

Return to the Consular Affairs Home Page 

 

