  
lynda.com - links

Product Specific | Design Resources | Misc. | Web Intro | Browsers | Cross-Platform Considerations | Stock Photography Fast Graphics | Web Color | Hexadecimal | Background Tiles | Transparency | Typography | Aligning Stuff | Rules | Bullets | ImageMaps |
 Tables | Web Animation and Sound | The Future? 

These links relate to Web design, Web graphics, and Web authoring tools.

PRODUCT SPECIFIC	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     ADOBE GOLIVE       GoLive Heaven

A source for up-to-date GoLive news, support, and plug-ins.

ADOBE PHOTOSHOP

Russell Brown's homepage

A veritable plethora of quality photoshop tips & techniques.

MACROMEDIA DREAMWEAVER

Studio Seven Design

Offers a nice collection of Dreamweaver tutorials and step-by-step examples.

Dreamweaver Depot

An amazing resource for everything Dreamweaver related.

Yaromat

Offers a multitude of Dreamweaver files for additional extensibility.

MACROMEDIA FLASH

moock.org

Wonderful source for Flash™. He offers free, downloadable Flash™ .fla's, step-by-step tutorials, and even workflow suggestions. A "must visit" for any Flash™ developer.

Flash Kit

Another great Flash resource with tons of free how-to's and downloadable examples that you can deconstruct.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

STOCK PHOTOGRAPHY 		

Comstock 

For over 25 years COMSTOCK has been one of the world's most renowned photo agencies with a reputation for professionalism and integrity amongst the clients it serves and the photographers it represents. 		

GRAPHIC DESIGN RESOURCES 		

CMYK MAGAZINE
 
The Next Generation of Visual Communication
 
Celebrates the graphic arts through a quintessential display of the
 freshest, most uncensored creative work published today, combined with coverage on issues, ideas, teachings, and practice -  to inspire all levels of the industry food chain.
 
ThePowerXChange, LLC

The world's largest collection of extensions for all sorts of applications -- from Acrobat to QuarkXPress. Visit their site and search for a solution, or sign up for their electronic newsletter.
 

Creativepro.com 

Resources for Creative Professionals 

The Graphic Design Resource Center 

Everything a Graphic Designer could want or need. 		

DIGITAL DESIGN TOOLS 		

Adobe
 
Developers of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, After Effects, Acrobat and other digital design tools, Adobe helps people and businesses communicate better through its world-leading digital imaging, design, and document technology platforms for consumers, creative professionals, and enterprises.
 
Apple Computer

Developers of the insanely great Macintosh Operating System and equally innovative computer hardware, Apple ignited the personal computer revolution in the 1970s with the Apple II and reinvented the personal computer in the 1980s with the Macintosh. Apple is committed to bringing the best personal computing experience to students, educators, creative professionals and consumers around the world through its innovative hardware, software and Internet offerings.
 
Corel 

Developers of CorelDRAW, Bryce and other digital design tools, Corel's goal is to give customers the power to create, exchange and instantly interact with visual content that is always relevant, accurate and available. 

Macromedia 

Developers of Flash, Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Director and other digital design tools, Macromedia is motivated by the belief that great experiences build great businesses. Their software empowers millions of business users, developers, and designers to create and deliver effective, compelling, and memorable experiences - on the Internet, on fixed media, on wireless, and on digital devices. 		

MISC.	 	

The Association of Macintosh Trainers 

An international network of Macintosh computer professionals who provide computer support and assistance to anyone in need.

Internet Advertising Bureau 

Ad banner size standards. A great resource for figuring out the "official" sizes for the varying types (and sizes) of ad banners. 		

WEB INTRO	      	        
     	        
     	       
          
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     WWW Authoring FAQ 

Excellent FAQ assembled by Tom Boutelle of PNG and Mapedit fame. 

Lynda's Books 

Lynda Weinman's series of Web Graphics books.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

BROWSERS	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Yahoo Search  

Check Yahoo's browser list for new browser arrivals. 

InfoSeek Search 

Check InfoSeek's browser list for new browser arrivals. 

Browser Watch 

Browser statistics. 

W3C 

Get the latest HTML info from the source. W3C. 

HTML+ Specs 

Description of HTML+.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

CROSS-PLATFORM CONSIDERATIONS	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Monitor Gamma 

Everything you ever wanted to know about monitor differences by Robert Berger. 

Articles by Charles Poynton 

Great resource for info on Gamma.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

FAST GRAPHICS	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Common Internet File Formats 

Excellent reference for file formats and respective viewers/helper apps. 

PNG File Format

Specs for a new file format - PNG - 24-bit w/full alpha channel transparency. 

DeBabelizer

Software for batch processing palettes and bit-depth for Web and multimedia images. 

The Bandwidth Conservation Society 

The name says it all.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

WEB COLOR	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     216 Safe Colors for browsers  

Homegurrl's tips on using browser-safe colors. 

Using Browser-Safe CLUT on Photographs 

Dithering in 24-bit images.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

HEXADECIMAL	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Hex Convert   

Mediarama's Hex Converter. 

Non-Dithering Hex Chart 

The browser-safe color chart organized by color that's described in my books. 

Hex on U

An attempt to explain hexidecimal math.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

TILES	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Netscape's Library  

A library of pattern tiles.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

TRANSPARENCY	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     WWW Authoring FAQ 

Tom Boutell's FAQ page about interlaced and transparent GIFs. 

PNG File Format

PNG does better transparency than GIFs, but is not widely supported. 

BoxTop's PhotoGIF Plug-in

Boxtop offers a GIF89a plug-in for Photoshop on Macs. 

Adobe Gif 89a Plug-in (Mac)

Free Mac Photoshop plug-in for making transparent GIFs.

Adobe Gif 89a Plug-in (Windows)

Free Windows Photoshop plug-in for making transparent GIFs.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

TYPOGRAPHY (IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT)	 	

ITC Fonts 

An international leader in typeface design and marketing for over 25 years, ITC collaborates with world-class designers to provide a library of more than 1,000 classic typefaces and innovative new designs. 

Letraset

Letraset's www site. 

Custom Handwriting Fonts 

This site will take your handwriting and make an electronic version for you. 

FontHead Designs

Excellent independent font-designer Ethan Dunham's site, who sells his wares inexpensively over the Web. 

Fonts Online 

Excellent directory for online font acquisitions. 

Emigre

One of the most innovative font design houses in the world goes online. 

Agfatype

Agfatype's online type foundry. 

Fonts FAQ 

Great resource for learning about fonts. 

Typofile 

Typofile Magazine for essays on computer-screen–based typography assembled by Daniel Will-Harris. 

Choosing and Using Type

Great tutorial on type design by Daniel Will Harris.

 

ALIGNING STUFF	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     David Seigal's Alignment Tips  

Alignment Tips from Web Wonk. 

Creating High-Impact Documents

Nescape's instructions on using image sizing tags.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

RULES	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Buttons, Bullets and Bars  

Chris Stephen's clip art collection.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

BULLETS	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Matterform 

Michael Herrick's clip art and Web-bullet philosophy.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

IMAGEMAPS	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Imagemaps Tutorials  

One site that lists you to eight others for imagemap instruction. 

Imagemap Help Page

Help for imagemap makers. 

Client-Side Imagemap Help Page 

ihip's client-side imagemapping info. 

MapEdit 

Tom Boutell's software for imagemaps — supports client-side. 

Imagemaps

How to do Imagemaps, courtesy of Netscape.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

TABLES	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Tables in Netscape 1.1 

Netscape's Tables Tutorial.	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

WEB ANIMATION & SOUND	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     Flash and Video 

Macromedia's support page. 

GIF Construction Kit for Windows 

PC Authoring software for GIF89a animations. 

Real Audio Page 

Info on Real Audio — audio streaming over the www.

QuickTime

The official QuickTime site. 

MPEG FAQ

Everything you want to know about MPEG, plus some. 

FUTURE?	      	        
     	        
     	       
       
     	        
     	     	     	        
     	     The Future of Visual Design on the Web  

The chapter from my book Designing Web Graphics that is only published on the Web.

SGI/VRML/Inventor 

See what's up with VRML.

Director on the Web 

Director documents as inline images on Web pages? Yes! Check out Shockwave. 

Sun's HotJava

Applets and caffeine! 

Adobe Acrobat

Get the latest on Acrobat. 

My Brother Bill's book on CGI 

CGI at it's best, and it's in the family....	      	        
     	        
     	       
   

home | books | CD-ROMS | online training movie library | bookstore | links 
downloads | Web color | inspiration | interviews | tips | email 

Call us toll free at 1-888-335-9632 
International callers: 1-805-646-7076 

read our privacy statement. 

