Educational Resource Collections 

 

Staff Dev.	 Lessons	 Links	 Teach Res	 Funds	 Kid's Fun	 Homework	 Projects	 Lang	 Social St.	 Rubrics	 

Science	 Arts	 Spec.Ed.	 Math	 Reform	 Parents	 News	 Tech Plan	 Tech Coor	 Web Dev	 Web Eval	 

EduHound- This is one of the biggest and best collections of links around! It is organized by topic and searchable. It has special  Spanish, primary, and webpage areas.

MarcoPolo- Use this wonderful resource to search for units and information, searchable by subject. 

Mikids.com- This site contains wonderful links for the K-2 classroom, organized by topic. 

TeachersFirst.com-  This site contains a great collection of links to rated sites, organized by grade level and subject. 

BlueWeb'n-Blue Web'n is an online library of 1700+ outstanding Internet sites categorized by subject, grade level, and format (lessons, activities, projects, resources, references, & tools).

Landmarks for Schools- Organized by subject, this site contains alphabetized annotated links that include suggestions for how to integrate the site into classroom lessons. It goes one step further by providing online space to collect, save, and edit lessons! Find permission templates and other useful tools, too.

Teach-nology- This "Web Portal for Teachers" contains a giant collection of links, lessons, tutorials, and more! This is a wonderful resource- Check here first!

GEC Computer's Internet Resources- Find projects, information, and more, organized by subject. Nicely done.

ERIC- Here is a wealth of information including: lesson plans, classroom management, technology, and more.

The Internet Classroom- This is a great collection of links to resources and simulations, organized by grade level and subject.

StartSquad.com- Here is a great place to find links, organized by pre-school, elementary, and high school.

The Teacher's Guide- This is a very nice collection of valuable information and links to resources, organized by topic. 

Scholastic- Here is a wonderful and complete resource containing online activities, lessons, teaching strategies, thematic units, organized by grade level. 

Kidinfo- This is a very complete collection of annotated links, organized by subjects and subtopics. 

Connecting Students- This is a great collection of educational links, all with a short descriptions. Find worksheets, themes, lessons, and more, all organized by grade level.

Electric Teacher- This is a great collection of links organized by a multitude of useful catagories. Explore and find everything here.  This is an outstanding resource!

The Cybertown Campus- Here are some high school level links, organized by such upper level links as medical school, dentistry, computer science, law school, and more. Find the regular topics, as well. 

Deja News- This is the place to search for currently posted messages from all of the newsgroups. Type in a topic and access the discussions. 

SpiderHog- This is a giant collection of links to education resources. 

Mr. K's Links To Learning For Educators- Here is a great collection of links.

High School Hub-The High School Hub is a noncommercial gateway to excellent free online academic resources for high school students. 

Student's Guide to the WWW- This is a collection of upper level links for high school and older students, organized by topic. 

Educational CyberPlayGround- Here is a searchable collection of educational resources that also give teachers and students a reason to use a computer, learn to use the world wide web, -- and integrate technology, literacy and music into the classroom curriculum.

Education Hotlist- Here are some great links to sites that are organized by topic.

Pac Bell's Blue Web'n- This is a database of lessons, tutorials, projects, hotlists, activities and references, organized by topic and great for any educator or student.

AOL School- Here are annotated links organized by grade level and subject.

ProTeacher- This is a tremendous collection of searchable links organized by many different topics. It also has new, weather, lessons, materials, references and tips!

Websites and Resources for Teachers- CSUN offers this site containing links to resources, lessons and projects by subject.

Librarians' Index to the Internet- Here are lots and lots of links to valuable sites, organized by general and specific topics. 

Smithsonian Institute- Organized by topic, this site contains exhibits and information on just about any topic! This is a great place to get ideas for projects and reports. 

Brittanica- The makers of the encyclopedia harness the riches of the Internet, categorize them for your use, rates and reviews them, and offer them through a searchable database here.

Teaching and Learning on the WWW- Here is a searchable database organized by subject. It contains links to sites that tend to be designed for high school students. 

Sirs Web Guide- This is a great collection of links organized by high school level topics. It contains many valuable links for teachers and teachers at all levels.

The Zap Me Content area contains an extensive collection of educational links organized by subject. 

Co-nect- Organized by subjects, this site contains 10 great links per topic.  

Schoolwork.ugh- Here is a searchable link library ranging from typical subjects to law, philosophy, statistics, technology, and more specialized educational topics.

WnetSchools- This is a comprehensive Web service for K-12 teachers, offering everything from lesson plans to online training for beginning Web users. 

Edunet Connect-  Find links to lessons organized by subjects, educational news and resource information, virtual tours, classroom activities and more!

The School Page- This site offers a large number of links that are organized by a variety of educational subjects.

Gander's Academy- Theme related resources on the WWW can by found on this excellent, well organized and complete Website. Links to great Sites, organized by subject,  provide elementary students with safe and useful projects. 

Mrs. Donn's Special Sections- Resources, organized by subjects, are found at this great site. 

Global School House's Link O' Rama- This is a searchable database of links that are organized by topic. 

Homework Central - The biggest study site on the Internet boast over 400,000 educational links organized by subject and grade level!

Web and Technology Integration Resources- Homework Central presents this list of links organized by topics including Classroom Technology Guides, Web Publishing, AUP's, Technology Organizations, Projects, and more. 

Teachers at Work-  This is a giant website that has a searchable database of more than 1500 sites related to education, categorized by educational topics. The top ten listings area has really interesting subjects! The links have descriptions and are rated for effectiveness and age level appropriateness.  

Ed's Oasis-  ED's Oasis Teacher's Guide provides links to lesson plans, conference handouts, projects, and more. The Teacher's Guide has links by subject.

Encyclozine- Here are links to topics in education, the arts, humanities, science, and technology. Have fun with puzzles, games, quizzes, and discussion forums.

Free- This website offers educators and students resources on many different topics, all provided by governmental organizations. 

First Gov For Kids- This site provides links to Federal kids' sites along with some of the best kids' sites from other organizations - all grouped by subject.

Knowledge Source- Extensive Links by subject are provided here. 

Ray MacKinnon's Educational Bookmarks - Collection of hotlinks ranging from lesson plans to teacher resources.  Educational links are organized by subject and grade level. 

Online Educator - Links arranged by subject, includes a good description of the site and grade level that it is focused upon. 

Educast- Searchable database for lessons, organized by subject and grade level. Lots of other stuff including news highlights, professional information, and community involvement. 

MPS Educational Educational Bookmark Page- Lots of good links by subject, even cars and driver's education.

Thinkquest- Teacher's Corner-Designed by students, this site has educational links for teachers and students, organized by subjects. Thinkquest Library contains lots of links.

Study Web- Search Topic Links by Subject and get a huge amount of outstanding links, complete with a good description of the site.  This site is one of the best.  It is the place to go for information when you need it!!. 

Kids Web- Here is a great collection of resources, organized by Art, Sciences, Social Studies, and Miscellaneous. 

B.J.Pinchbeck's Homework Helper-  10 year old BJ's site lists lots of educational links by subject, including some great computer links, search tips and reference links. 

CyberBee- Send a postcard, get curriculum ideas, find links by subject,  download clipart or have a Netscape tutorial here.  This is a neat place for information, a great site !!

Infoplease.com- This Site provides almanacs for just about every subject!

AskEric- This site is a virtual library and searchable database of educational information and topics. 

World Lecture Hall- This is a full site containing links to every upper level curricular area. The information is submitted by college researchers, but could be of use to high school students, as well. 

Kathy Schrock’s Guide -This site is a cut above the rest.  Nicely organized, teachers will find links to subjects, educational resources, reform issues, projects and teacher tools. 

Integrating the Internet- Curriculum resources provides some effective links by subject, including administrative, homepage development and project links. 

History/Social Studies Website for K-12 Teachers- Although a little overwhelming, this site has links to almost anything to do with education. It's not limited to only History and Social Studies.  You may need to search around, but its there for sure....somewhere. 

Learning in Motion – Links by subject are listed, somewhat limited in selection. 

Educational Resources- This site is a little cluttered with links, but offers lots of links organized by subject. 

Awesome Library- The Awesome Library organizes your exploration of the World Wide Web with 14,000 carefully reviewed resources, the top 5 percent in education. The Teacher area has great information on Standards and   Assessment by State!

 

Staff Dev.	 Lessons	 Links	 Teach Res	 Funds	 Kid's Fun	 Homework	 Projects	 Lang	 Social St.	 Rubrics	 

Science	 Arts	 Spec.Ed.	 Math	 Reform	 Parents	 News	 Tech Plan	 Tech Coor	 Web Dev	 Web Eval	 

Home 

Site Map 

