

 	  	 

 	 
Subtopics for this page: 

* Infectious Diseases; 
* Non-Infectious Diseases; 
* Defence and the Immune System; 
* Prevention and Treatment; 
* Human Health Issues 
* Also see "Microbiology " 

 	  	 

 	 

  

Recent News	 

West Nile epidemic grows
 (Nature: 18 Sept 03)

Flickering images reduce nicotine craving 
(New Scientist: 11 Sept 03)

'Living condom' could block HIV 
(New Scientist: 9 Sept 03)

SARS origin a mystery 
(News in Sciencet: 5 Sept 03)

click here for 
earlier news stories	 

Biozone is not responsible for the content of external internet sites	 

Presentation Media
 for your lectures 	

Genetics and Evolution
 
Health and Disease
 

 

 	 General Sites for Health and Disease

 	 
 	 
CDC-Disease Links 
This site, part of the Centre for Disease Control website, contains a list of diseases, injuries and disabilities listed in alphabetical order, which makes what your looking for very easy. 
 

WHO/ OMS: Health Topics  
Find out more about diseases from the World Health Organisation website which has an extensive list of infectious and non infectious diseases, plus more.
 	 	 
 	  	  	 
 	   Infectious Diseases   	 	 
 	 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)  
Covers a wide range of infectious and non-infectious disease occurrences and prevention. 
 
Cholera and Epidemic Dysentery  
This site contains fact sheets on cholera and dysentery, frequently asked questions, global data, documents and publications concerned with these diseases.
  
Communicable  Disease Australia  
The Australian government section which maintains this site manages and liases with other communicable disease monitoring programs, providing advice and fostering collaboration on national strategies. Data on various programs is published on this website fortnightly. 
       
Disease-Causing Bacteria  
Access information on disease-causing organisms. Presented as a lecture series, each presentation has information on the biology of the pathogen involved and details of the disease caused. 
 
Emerging Infectious Diseases  
Emerging Infectious Diseases is a journal published by the CDC to provide information in 3 broad areas: factors that underlie disease emergence, summaries of specific diseases or syndromes, and brief lab or epidemiological reports. 
 
Insect Vectors of Human Pathogens  
An excellent site which brings together much information about the role of insects in the spread of diseases and pathogens into the human system, A great store of links and further related articles, it is categorised by insect type. 
 
HIV Insite: Gateway to AIDS Knowledge  
From this site learn about medical information and latest research findings, prevention and education, and social issues relating to AIDS. Also read about the latest statistics and trends in HIV/AIDS epidemic, as well as links to other related sites.
 
Koch's Postulates 
Robert Koch identified microorganisms as agents of disease. Very brief summary of Koch's postulates. 
 

Prion Diseases  
Concise summary of the relevant features of prion diseases: the types of diseases, mode of infection, and evidence of a protein as the infective agent. Also applies to noninfectious disease.
 
Public Health Laboratory Service  
Provides factsheets on various infectious diseases. General information as well as data of notified incidences of infectious diseases for England and Wales.  

SARS 
Below are a list of various websites with abundant information on Severe Acute respiratory Syndrome.
 Coronaviruses
 SARS: from health Canada
 SARS: from WHO
 SARS quarantine: from CDC 

The Bad Bug Book  
An introduction to foodborne pathogenic microorganisms and their toxins, plus guidelines for food hygiene. 
 
The Body: A Multimedia AIDS and HIV Resource 
Find out about HIV and AIDS, what AIDS is, symptoms, causes, treatments, plus the demography of the disease.
 
The International pandemic of HIV  
This report which is part of the John Hopkins AIDS Service, provides information and statistics about the global HIV pandemic. 
 
The Irish National Virus Reference Laboratory  
This site provides links to other sites concerned with: virology, infectious disease, and epidemiology. 
 
The Official Mad Cow Disease Home Page  
This site has comprised a list of articles relating to prion diseases including BSE, CJD and others. Articles relate to general information and news clippings, prion structure and research, epidemics, BSE in food, and how beef is made.
 
The Malaria Genome 
In this sub-site Nature publishes the complete genome sequence of Plasmodium falciparum, the main cause of human malaria.
 
The Science of HIV  
Examines the HIV retrovirus: its structure, life cycle, course of infection, the role of cytokines in fighting infections, treatments and vaccines against HIV, and the origins of the disease. 

Traveler's Health - Diseases  
Part of CDC website, this section lists diseases which are of particular concern to travelers. Learn more about these diseases which include cholera, Giardiasis, malaria, tuberculosis, plus more.
 
UNAIDS  
This site, a joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, gives details on world AIDS campaign, publications and the latest HIV/AIDS statistics are available for download.
 	 	 
 	  	  	  	 
 	 Non - Infectious Diseases 	 	  	 
 	 
Asthma  
This site discusses the description, causes, diagnosis and treatment of asthma and other respiratory disorders. Well worth a look for a full coverage of this topic.
 
Chemicals and Human Health 
This site at The Biology Project,  allows the browser to learn about a topic of interest using a question and answer format.  The associated tutorials and very informative, and provides additional activities and links to related sites.
 
Frequently Asked Questions about Diabetes  
Part of the CDC web site, this web page provides information on what diabetes is, the symptoms, causes, and treatments.
 
MS Society of Great Britain and Northern Ireland  
Provides a good explanation of what multiple sclerosis is, who gets it, and what treatments are available.
 
Seasonal Affective Disorder  
A synopsis of SAD, which is now regarded as a major depressive disorder. This site covers the symptoms and diagnosis of SAD as well as the epidemiology and treatment of the disorder. 
 
Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD)  
A site exploring aspects of SAD: causes, treatments and the role of melatonin in regulating the internal body clock.
 
Smoking and Your Digestive System 
NIDDK have put together a fact sheet on the harmful effects of smoking on the digestive system.
 

The American Diabetes Association  
Provides diabetes information, research initiatives and links to other diabetes sites.
 

Your Genes, Your Health  
This site provides excellent information on a multitude of genetic disorders, ranging from Cystic Fibrosis to Polycystic Kidney Disease. requires Flash player.
 

Cancer related topics
 

American Cancer Society  
Provides a good account of the various types of cancer (click on cancer Information).
 
Breast Cancer Screening  
Breast cancer research and the role of genetic screening.
 
Cancer  
Part of the University of Otago (NZ), this site looks at what cancer is, what causes it, treatments, and research in New Zealand.
 
Cancer Group Institute - Information Center  
Provides background information on all major types of cancer. 
 
Cancer News on the Net® 
Provides a long list of links devoted to various kinds of cancer.  For each section, there is background information on the cancer, diagnosis and possible treatments.
 
CanSearch Websites  
The CanSearch site helps to guide people to reliable sources of information about cancer, on-line.
 
Cancer Research UK  
A great source of current cancer information and statisitics for the UK.
 
NCI's CancerNet  
This site from the National Institute of Cancer (NCI) provides a wide range of information on cancer including: treatment, detection, prevention, genetics information, clinical trials information, and general information on cancer.
 
OncoLink   
A comprehensive site including information on research and clinical trials, cancer causes, screening, prevention, and frequently asked questions about cancer.
 
The Prostate Cancer InfoLine  
This resource is a good place to turn to for information about prostate cancer screening, diagnosis, treatment and support.
 

Cardiovascular related topics
 

American Heart Association  
A directory site that directs the user to a variety of web sites investigating various aspects of heart physiology including heart diseases and disorders. 
 
Cardiology Compass  
Explore different aspects of cardiovascular medicine, including techniques for diagnosing cardiac disorders, cardiac surgery and heart transplant. 
 
Heart Diseases   
Part of the University of Otago (NZ), this site explores the various diseases of the heart.
 
NOVA Online: Cut to the Heart  
This site looks at how the heart works, how blood flows through the heart, has a photo gallery of diseased hearts, and learn about the pioneers of heart surgery.
 	 	  	 
 	  	  	  	 
 	 Defence and the Immune System 	 	  	 
 	 
Blood Group Antigens  
Examines the history behind the blood group of humans. Looks at the Rhesus system and RH incompatibility. Listed below are blood services which includes facts and figures for each of the countries listed. 

* Australian Red Cross Blood Service (AUS) 
* The New Zealand Blood Service (NZ) 
* Welcome to the National Blood Service (UK) 

  
Inducible Defences Against Pathogens  
This site deals with the immune response: passive and active immunity (including vaccination). 
 
Microbiology and Immunology 
The Biology Project site allows the browser to learn about a topic of interest using a question and answer format, with very useful tutorials.  Contains additional activities and links to other sites.
 
Autoimmune Diseases  
This site, part of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, explains what what autoimmune diseases are, symptoms, treatments  and research towards a cure.
 
The Immune System - An Overview  
A fact sheet on the organs and cells of the human immune system, as well as a synopsis of the immune response. 
 
Tissue Defences Against Pathogens  
Hotlinked from the Bacteriology Homepage, this site deals with the body's defences against the invasion of microorganisms. 
 
Understanding the Immune System 
Slide show on the immune system. Includes self and non-self, the lymphatic system, antibodies, disorders and therapies, plus more. 
 	 	  	 
 	  	  	  	 
 	 Prevention and Treatment 	 	  	 
 	 
Antibiotic resistance  
Overuse antibiotics and bacteria can become resistant to them. But could use of household disinfectants cause the same problem? That's what a New Jersey high school student suspects.
 
Antimicrobial Agents  
Hotlinked from the Bacteriology Homepage, this site examines the nature of antimicrobial agents: how they work and what they can and can not be used for.  
 
Food and Drug Administration  
The Food and Drug Administration in the USA monitors food quality, ensures that medicines and medical devices are safe and effective, and that radiation emitting products are safe. 
 
How severe is antibiotic resistance? 
This article looks at today's society of usage of antibiotics and the evolution of antibiotic resistance. Includes a case study on antibiotic resistance in tuberculosis.
 

Inducible Defences Against Pathogens  
This site deals with the immune response: passive and active immunity (including vaccination). 
 
Monoclonal Antibodies  
An introduction to monoclonal antibodies, the procedure, the uses and problems associated with monoclonal therapy.
 
Monoclonal Antibody Technology 
Part of the Access Excellence site, this page gives a brief introduction to what monoclonal antibody technology is, and how this technology can be used in the prevention of diseases.
 
Resistance to Antibiotics  
Hotlinked from the excellent Bacteriology Homepage, this site examines the nature and extent of bacteria resistance to antibiotics, including a history of antibiotic use.
 	 	  	 
 	  	  	  	 
 	 Human Health Issues  	 	  	 
 	 
Ask the Dietitian  
An excellent site dealing with many aspects of nutrition, including vitamins, minerals, healthy body weight, diabetes and more.
 
British Nutrition Foundation  
Go to Food and Nutrition information from the homepage, and explore topics such as diet and health, energy and nutrition requirements, foods and food science technology.
 
Eat Well, Eat Safe  
This Canadian site endeavors to provide evidence-based information on food safety and make it easily accessible to the community. Major subjects covered are Illness, In the Home, Outside the Home, Choose your Pathogen and further Links.
 
Eating Disorders  
A site looking at many aspects of eating disorders including definitions and symptoms.
 
Food Additives Guide  
Extensively lists the various forms of food additives and what they are used for. Includes preservatives, antioxidants, emulsifiers, plus more.
 
Food Safety and Nutrition Information  
A comprehensive site covering many aspects of food biotechnology, including: What is Food Biotechnology, Nutrition and Health , Food Allergens, Food Safety and Nutrition. 
 
Food Safety Informtion Council (Australia) 
This website displays the goals,data and events relevant to the prevention and awareness of food poisoning in Australia.Containing such topics as: Fact sheets, Media Releases and Educational material.
             
Food Science Central  
A gateway to information relating to the world of food science, food technology and food related human nutrition.
       
Institute of Crop and Food Research (NZ)   
Crop and Food Research provides research, technologies and services to support the development of products in the following areas - Arable Foods, Vegetable Foods, Seafood, Ornamentals, Animal Feed, Plant Products and Forestry.
 
National Eating Disorder Association  
Provides general information on eating disorders. Lists danger signs associated with Anorexia, Bulimia, and Binge eating. May take a while to load.
 
The Effects of Drugs on the Human Body 
A quick overview of the effects of drugs on the numan body, includes solvents, alcohol, tobacco, Amphetamines, Barbiturates, and Heroin.
 

The Food Guide Pyramid  
A guide to daily food choices. The clickable pyramid allows you to create a balanced diet to suit your own needs and preferences.
 
What Shape is Your Pyramid?  
A fun way to determine the number of servings you consume each day and work out your own your own food pyramid and see if you are on target.
 

Top of page

 	  	 
 	  	  	  	 
 	 

 	 
Copyright © Biozone International (1998-2003) - - All Rights Reserved 	 	 

