

  Download	   Documentation	   Resources	   Community	   	 

  POV-Ray : Resources : Links 	

  Links  	 	

3D Animation Utilities

3D Image and Texture Resources

3D Magazines, Lists, and FAQ's

3D Programs

3D Tutorials

POV-Ray People Pages

 	

3D Discussion Forums

3D Link Sites

3D Model Sites

3D Resources

POV-Ray Include, Macro, and Object Files

 

100 most recently-added links 		

POV-TAG - The POV-Ray Technical Assistance Group
Established by the POV-Team (the current authors of the Persistence of Vision Raytracer) in late 1999, the TAG is made up of selected members of the POV-Ray user community. The purpose of the TAG is to aid the POV-Team in supporting users of POV-Ray around the world, using the collective knowledge of the group to answer users' POV-Ray questions and to bring POV-Ray related matters to the attention of the POV-Team as required. avi2mpg1 - avi to mpeg-1 encoder
Avi2mpg1 is a freeware Windows '95/NT .avi to mpeg-1 .mpg file encoder. It is not a GUI app, rather it runs at the command prompt. This program does have sound capabilities. Avi Creator
Create AVI files from Bitmaps and cons instantly. You can now modify the scale/rate of your AVIs. Very simple and free to use. AVIEDIT
Tiny program to edit and build AVI's. Requires Video for Windows. AVI to Mpeg1
conversion/encoders freeware Mainvision
MainVision is a powerful commercial media compositing, vector animation and special effects software used to create broadcast quality video in off-line mode. This 32-bit Windows application lets you compose video, stills, sound and vector objects in professional motion graphics. Site offers are free demo version. bmp2avi
It's a program to transform BMP files generated by POV-Ray to a noncompressed AVI file. The main goal is the "interlace" option. Use "Field_Render=On" and "Odd_Field=On". Then use BMP2AVI to correctly transform in an AVI file suitable for Premiere or other program. This program is intented (specially) for high resolution rendering for real video broadcast output. Bumper
Will allow you to preview a series of images before compiling as animation CMPEG Windows GUI Front End
This new program offers Windows users a GUI front end for the ever popular Cmpeg animation encoder. The final version is now available for download. Cutter
Linux animation utility with AVI, RAW and PPM input and DivX :-) output. DISPLAY
Alternative download site for Display DTA v3.0 Final Version
This is the newly released version of DTA 3.0 (Dave's Targa Animator) 12/99. DDClip
Multitrack real-time audio and video editor adds sound to AVI's Fast Movie Processor AVIS animation
 Ligos Technology MPEG-2 encoders
Commercial MPEG encoding and video comprescion for digital video recording and multimedia in a software solution. MainConcept
Shareware animation program with advanced capabilities Mkavi.zip
An avi animation utility for dos and unix/linux MOV2AVI
Converts MOV files into AVI files. Movie2MPEG
QuickTime Movie (.mov) to MPEG1 converter for Macintosh. Movie Utils
At the Info Mac Hyper-archive, too many to list here. MPEG.ORG
The ultimate source for Mpeg information. You can find the CMPEG program here Mpeg2 Encoder and Decoder
Works only with .ppm image files Mpeg2 Encoeer and Decoder
Works only with .ppm image files Mpeg2 encoder w/codec
 Mpeg2 software
 MPEG_Join
Camel's MPEGJoin is a small utility to join MPEG files. It's a very simple program and all it does is join MPG files but it does this very well if used correctly.. MPEG Plaza - Software
Mpeg software for encoding and playing mpeg files. ppm2fli_2.0d and Unflick
ppm2fli generates FLI animation files form a series of images. Unflick is a utility to extract images from a FLI animation. The programs are written for UNIX like machines. PVR-MPEG1 for Dos
 QuickTime
QuickTime 3.0 upgrade allows you to render QuickTime movies directly with POV. Also plays the new MPEG codec and plays AVI's as well. Upgrade to QT Pro for converting PICT and JPEG images into QuickTime movies. For the Mac OS Smacker/Bink Tools
Free tool for making Bink (.bik) animations, converting between animation formats (.bik, .avi, .mpg) and between still formats (.bmp, .gif, .jpg etc.) and other things. SoftByte Labs
Download web files, site ripper, duplicate files, rename files, encrypt files, spam filtering, email monitoring TFM MPEG Scissors
This Program was created for easy editing of MPEG Files. It makes it easy to cut and join multiple MPEG files. Windows 32 operating System (Win 95 / 98 / NT / 2000) TGA2AVI
Animation Conversion Program Win95/NT Vid Edit
The AVI editor. Build or edit. Insert many formats. VideoMach
VideoMach is a powerful audio/video builder and converter. Use it to construct video clips from still images, enhance your recorded material or convert video, audio and image files between many supported formats. VideoMach is the successor to Fast Movie Processor. Win Mpeg II Animation Encoder
This program is a Win32 console application that allows you to compile mpeg II animations using .png image files as the input file format. Freeware. Compression Works CODEC's
Site contains several different codecs available for download including both audio and video. Intel Codec Installer [CODINSTL.EXE]
Adds Codecs for the following: Intel® PC Camera Pro Pack Intel® PC Camera Pack Intel® Create & Share Camera Pack LEAD Technologies video CODEC
LEAD's Video Codec is a multimedia compressor/decompressor. SlaveTrainer's  I263  FAQ  And Help Page
Discusses the I.263 codec, how to install it, trouble shooting proceedures, and where to download it. Anim8 and Povtick
POV-Ray animation utilities The Animation System
New Version of The Animation System. Now supports Waypoints. Kinda like Keyframes, but different. AniTMT
With the help of AniTMT you can create and calculate computer animated films. Its main intention is to provide a powerful script language for doing that. It is supposed to both enable you to code animations as plain/text and to provide an interface for the (further) development of software like GUI modellers. Currently supports POV-Ray output. Autofly.inc
Animation banking utility Buckyball Page
Program creates POV-Ray file of Buckballs colliding used for POV-Ray animation Flag animation toolkit
 Dave G's POV-Ray Animation System
 Poet3-D Animation System
Poet3-D is a freeware animation system which supports character animation, a click and drag interface, and real-time playback and editing via the OpenGL library. This system is designed to export to the Pov-Ray raytracer. POV-Ray Animation System
 Theresa Willis' Walking Animation
 Artists Discussion Forum
Come and spread your word on Computer Arts and Animation. Speak with others about New and Old tips and techniques on 3D Computer Art using such tools as 3D Studio Max, Maya, Softimage, etc... or just to talk about 3D Computer Generated Art Period. eGroups : pov_ray
An English discussion of the POV raytracer and images produced with it. All members of this list are encouraged to submit their own artwork to this group, provided the artwork is produced with POV Ray or another raytracer. IHT CG Discussion Forum
3DstudioMAX, Lightwave, Maya, Softimage and more; the best italian computer graphics forum. POV-Ray News Groups - news.povray.org
These are the news groups hosted by the developers of POV-Ray. There are several different discussion topics including animation, unofficial patches, programming, general topics, unix, IRTC competition, and a group for posting of images for critique by other users. Once you have added the server to your list you will still need to subscribe to the individual groups. Be sure to stop first in the povray.announce.frequently-asked-questions group for info on group posting guidlines The POV-Ray Newsgroups - Web Interface
This is the web based access to the POV-Ray news groups. This is an invaluable resource for any and all POV-Ray users. RenderMania
A website dedicated to everything BMRT and RenderMan related. Renderosity.com
The 3D artists community. Area Map Search Form
USGS Mapping Information Charles Poynton - Color technology
 Computer Software for Tiling Images
Site contains a list of several software programs specifically for tiling images. Converter's Paradise
Graphic File Conversion programs Default RGB colour space - sRGB
Draft and white paper on sRGB, the future web standard for images. The Graphics File Format Page
 Michelangelo
Italian sculpters links Put your 3D images on photographic prints
This site is geared towards 'developing' digital images or photos. But what can be done is to submit your 3D rendered scene as a JPEG file and they will print it on photographic quality 4x6 prints. If you sign up soon, the first 100 4X6 prints are free. Astronomical Data Center
Catalog of Star charts and all things star related Body References for 3D artists
 Castle Image Archive
 Download Planet Earth
Site contains links to DEM (digital elevation maps) of the entire globe in various resolutions. Imageafter ** Free Images and Textures Database
 Images FTP Free
Many catagories including Raytracing Image Link
Map of island in cooks inlet Alaska The Internet Ray Tracing Competition
The Internet Ray Tracing Competition is an open competition. Deadline for still image submission is every two months; for animations, every three months. Participants may use any 3D rendering program they choose. If you want to see the best there is in 3D rendering and raytracing this is the place to go. Maps of the Solar Sysuem
Welcome to the solar system surface map database, a NASA/JPL/Caltech spyglass on the cosmos. Select your planetary system of choice and download maps, or browse the surface features of your favorite planet or satellite! The Modelsheet Archive
Welcome to the modelsheet archive. The collection displayed here has been gathered from sevral sites on the internet and from many wonderfull people who are willing to share their wealth. This is intended as reference only for animators and aspiring animators. Nebulae Page
Offers pictures of Nebula for background applications Photovault Stock Photos
Images of Pollen, Plant Pics, Photos, and Flowers. This is a very comprehensive photo data base and well worth the time exploring. USGS us .DEM maps
Dem maps scaled at 1:1,000,000 3DCAFE'S FREE TEXTURES
 3D Texture Libraries and Backgrounds from TextureWorld
Thousands of professional, high-quality, photorealisitc seamless textures for game developers and architects and more. Absolute Background Textures Archive
2800+ Free Tiling Background Textures Absolute Cross
The One-Stop Spot for Free Online Graphics, Tips, Tools & Resources. Seemless tilable textures available. Doc Browns Background images/textures
 Free Art Textures
Small collection but good Iain's Textures
 Image_maps
From:3D Photorealism Toolkit Marlin Studios
Professional CDs$of seamless textures and lots of free samples. Mega Grafx ® Textures Library
10 Pages full of texture resources Phillean Wood Textures
A great collection of wood texture maps. Planet Textures
 Public Textures
Photographic images that may be used as 3D textures in your scenes. All high resolution. 350+ images. Renfield Imaging
A growing gallery of the Web's most intriguing seamless textures. All images free for download. New images monthly. Rob's Granite Page
 Stone texture library
Tiles and stone vendor with an incredible library of textures (marble, granite etc.) SMW Enterprise
Publisher and Design Studio of uniquely ornamented, high-resolution textures all totaly free. Technoweenie
Textures, Bump Maps, and Materials TerraMetrics
Commercial Images for Topo maps/HF's Samples only Textures
General Collection - some good Textures
Texture, Maps, Materials, Bumps (skin) 		

