

Validators and Checkers

Don't forget to check out the Web Design Group's own validators and checkers in our Tools section.

W3C MarkUp Validation Service 
Online HTML and XHTML validator.
 
A Real Validator 
Shareware HTML validator for Windows; offline version of the WDG HTML Validator.
 
Validator-Lite 
Free HTML and XHTML validator for Linux and other Unix-like systems.
 
SP 
James Clark's multi-platform SGML parser that includes the SGML validator nsgmls.
 
HTML TIDY 
Dave Raggett's free cross-platform utility for cleaning up HTML.
 
BBEdit 
Shareware text and HTML editor for the Macintosh that includes an HTML validator.
 
STG XML Validation Form 
Syntax validator for XML documents.
 
Web Page Backward Compatibility Viewer 
Allows authors to view a page with selected tags unsupported--a good tool for ensuring cross-browser compatibility.
 
Web Page Purifier 
Allows authors to view a page "purified" to be compliant with HTMLÂ 2.0, HTMLÂ 2.0+Tables, HTMLÂ 3.2, or webtvÂ 1.1.
 
Bobby 
Checks HTML for browser compatibility and accessibility.
 
W3C CSS Validation Service 
A free, easy-to-use CSS checker.
 
W3C Link Checker 
A free, easy-to-use link checker.
 
LinkAlarm 
Fee-based service that regularly checks a site's links and sends a report by e-mail.
 
NetMechanic 
Link tester and HTML lint that scans a site and sends a report by e-mail.
 
HTML PowerTools 
Shareware Windows program that includes an offline link checker and a configurable quasi-validator.
 
Watchfire WebQA 
Link checker and site management tool for Windows.
 
MOMspider 
Perl-based link checker and analyzer for Unix.
 
CyberSpyder Link Test 
Shareware Windows program to check the validity of hyperlinks.
 
LinkScan 
Server-based link checker for UNIX and Windows NT.
 
Robots.txt Checker 
Online checker for robots.txt syntax.
 
Web Link Validator 
Shareware link checker for Windows.
 
Open Directory HTML Validators and Debuggers 
A list of validation and checking links.
 Maintained by Liam Quinn <liam@htmlh&#101;lp.com> Reference ~ FAQs ~ Tools ~ Design ~ Feature Article ~ BBS ~ Links

Copyright © 1996-2003 Liam Quinn. All rights reserved.

