

NPS	 ...	 Quick Menu 
A Cultural Resource Subject
 
-----------------------------------------------
 
Archeology
 
Architecture & Engineering
 
Cultural Groups
 
Cultural Landscapes
 
Databases
 
Grants & Tax Credits
 
Historic Buildings & Structures
 
History
 
History of the NPS
 
Jobs & Volunteer Opportunities
 
Laws, Regulations & Standards
 
Mapping
 
Maritime
 
Military History
 
Museums & Collections
 
National Historic Landmarks
 
Nat'l Register of Historic Places
 
Partners & Contacts
 
Publications
 
Technical Assistance
 
Training
 
Travel
 
----------------------------------------------- 

Explore America's Past
 
Grants & Tax Credits
 
Tools for Learning
 
What's New
 
History in the Parks
 
Past Features
 
What We Care About
 
----------------------------------------------- 

Site Map
 
Search 

Email 

Credits 

Links to the Past Home
 
National Park Service Home
 

People, Places, Objects and Events

Explore America's cultural resources - buildings, landscapes, archeological sites, ethnographic resources, objects and documents, structures and districts. The following sites are a sampling of our best.

They provide information about people from the past and establish important connections to the present. 

They also provide evidence about important historical trends and events, reflect people's everyday lives and significant accomplishments and illustrate distinctive architectural, landscape, and engineering designs. 

 	 	

Links to the Past.... 			

American Visionaries: Thomas Moran 
This exhibit highlights the works of American landscape artist Thomas Moran (1837-1926), whose watercolor and oil paintings inspired Congress to create Yellowstone National Park. Photographs by William Henry Jackson (1843-1942) are also included in this exhibit. (More on Museums and Collections)

Ancient Architects of the Mississippi 
Eight hundred years ago, the lower Mississippi Delta was home to some of the most highly organized civilizations in the world. This feature tells you about life along the Mississippi at that time, builders of great mounds, and the activities of travelers and traders. It also provides you with a myriad of voices about the Delta's past. (More on Archeology)

Our Shared History, African American Heritage
 Find all the exciting and innovative sites related to African American heritage available across ParkNet. These sites vary widely from far-reaching travel guides to new information on the Underground Railroad to ways to find African American ancestors who fought in the Civil War. Rediscover the resources and people that form one part of the mosaic that is the United States of America today. (More on Cultural Groups) 

Women's History 
This National Register feature showcases historic properties listed in the National Register, National Register publications, and National Park units that commemorate and illustrate the contribution of women to American history. Featured sites include Grandma Prisbrey's Bottle Village in California, Azurest South--home of one the nation's few black female architects, Piney Point Coast Guard Light Station where four different women served as Keeper of the Light, the home of Rachel Carson, several properties associated with author Willa Cather in Nebraska, and the buildings designed by master architect and interior designer Mary Jane Colter in Grand Canyon National Park. (More on Cultural Groups) 

Links to the Past.... 			

Caring for Your Historic Building -- The Good Guides
 If you're caring for a historic building, this should be of great interest. Popular classics, as well as many brand new web offerings, are now available on one site so you can access them more easily. The Good Guides is devoted to all aspects of caring for historic buildings--from choosing an appropriate treatment to actually doing the work in a way that meets historic preservation standards. And we're expanding it to meet your needs! (More on Historic Buildings and Structures)

Currents 
This electronic series is dedicated to rehabilitation work on specific cultural landscapes. Here are several "success stories" of sound stewardship of important cultural landscapes. In each case, work met The Secretary of the Interior's Standards for the Treatment of Historic Properties. (More on Cultural Landscapes) 

Reynolda Gardens 
The Benjamin Franklin Parkway 
The Historic Columbia River Highway 

National Register Travel Itineraries 
Important historic places exist across the United States that can be shared and valued. The National Register of Historic Places and its numerous partners have developed a series of print and Web travel itineraries called Discover Our Shared Heritage. The itineraries here can help you plan trips to registered historic places in various cities or by a theme important in American history. (More on Travel) 

Aboard the Underground Railroad 
Along the Georgia-Florida Coast 
American Southwest 
Amana Colonies, Iowa
 Ashland, Oregon 
Atlanta 
Aviation: From Sand Dunes to Sonic Booms 
Baltimore 
Central Vermont 
Charleston, S.C. 
Cumberland, M.D. 
Chicago
 Delaware and Lehigh National Heritage Corridor, Pennsylvania
 Destination Detroit
 Hardin County, Iowa 
Indian Mounds of Mississippi
 Journey Through Hallowed Ground: Travel through Virginia's Piedmont
 Kingston, N.Y. 
Lewis and Clark
 Lexington, K.Y.
 Pipestone, Minnesota
 Places Where Women Made History 
Santa Clara, C.A.
 Seattle, W.A. 
Shaker Historic Trail
 Southeastern Louisiana 
Three Historic Nevada Cities
 Washington, D.C. 
We Shall Overcome 

PARKitecture in Western National Parks: Early Twentieth Century Rustic Design & Naturalism 
Celebrate with us the concept of designing with nature through an exhibition of black and white photos and measured drawings of representative structures and sites in ten well-known parks. The idea of designing with nature flourished in the National Park Service in the early twentieth century. Architects, landscape architects, and engineers combined native wood and stone with convincingly 'native' styles to create visually appealing structures that seemed to fit naturally within the majestic landscapes. (More on Architecture & Engineering) 

Links to the Past.... 			

American Revolutionary War: National Park Service Museum Collections
 This new multi-park exhibit highlights NPS museum collections at American Revolutionary War parks. Featured sites and collections commemorate significant events and individuals of the American Revolutionary War [1775-1783]. Exhibits include materials from Valley Forge National Historical Park, Guilford Courthouse National Military Park, and Independence National Historical Park. (More on Museums and Collections)

Symbols in Battle 
Discover the variety of Civil War flags in NPS museum collections that were used to lead troops into battle. Learn about the flags from Appomatox, Fords Theater, Fort Pulaski, Fort Sumter, Gettysburg, Kennesaw, Manassas, Richmond and Stones River. (More on Military History) 

Treasures of the Nation 
Treasures of the Nation is an indexed image database that contains an ever growing sampling of more than 76 million museum objects, specimens and archival documents found in over 300 NPS park. (More on Museums and Collections)

Links to the Past.... 			

National Park Service Online Books
 The National Park Service manages a vast library of research reports covering all aspects of the history, culture, anthropology, archeology and natural resources in our national parks. The NPS Online Book series contains the full text of some of this research, both recent studies and many that are out-of-print. This effort to make such studies easily accessible to the public has only just started and will grow as more titles are placed online. (More on History ot the NPS)

National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom
 The National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom Program of the National Park Service is authorized to create the Underground Railroad Network to Freedom, or the "Network." This facilitates communication between people and organizations, produces and disseminates appropriate educational materials, and provides technical assistance to Underground Railroad sites. (More on Cultural Groups) 

We Shall Overcome: Historic Places of the Civil Rights Movement 
We Shall Overcome: Historic Places of the Civil Rights Movement tells the powerful story of the struggle of African Americans to achieve the bright promise of America, which culminated in the mid-20th century. Many of the places where these seminal events occurred, the churches, schools, homes, and neighborhoods, are listed in the National Register of Historic Places and are included in this NRHP Travel Itinerary. (More on Travel)

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Home | Site Map | Search | E-mail | Credits 

ParkNet | U.S. Department of the Interior | FOIA | Privacy | Disclaimer | FirstGov

Last Modified: Wed, Dec 31 2003 01:27:38 pm EDT
 

 

