

Sleep Disorder Sites
 Reviewed

Site Map 

Sandman's Owl Ratings:

= Needs help = Wise, must see

Choose a Category

Take the Sleep Tests	 Ask The Doctors	 Sleep Apnea	 
Other Sleep Disorder Sites	 Sleep and Aging	 Insomnia	 
Circadian/Shiftwork/Jetlag	 Infant & Children Sleep Disorders	 Restless Legs	 
Sleep News	 Misc.	 Narcolepsy	 

(last update 12/01/2003) Site Map 

Sleep Disorder Tests

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

The Sleep Neural Network Home Page

Uses an artificial neural network to predict sleep apnea. Tells you an estimate of the number of events per hour. 

Self Test

42 yes/no questions with auto analysis. 

Ask the Doctors

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Looking for links to docs to answer questions online

Please send Sandman email if you know of a site. 

Sleep Apnea

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

PENN TODAY Obstructive Sleep Apnea

For those who want more. Great MRI's, x-rays etc. showing normal vs. sleep apnea patients. A must see if you really want to see what causes sleep apnea. 

Facial Reconstructive Surgery

Part of Stanford University. Great information on all types of surgical treatments including radiofrequency. 

Snoring: Not Funny, Not Hopeless

Great information on snoring. More than you will ever need. 

Sleep Matters: The Newsletter of the Sleep Apnoea Trust. (British)

A little wordy. Three editions to choose from. 

Central Sleep Apnea Information Page

Has potential. Some good basic information on this subject with links to other sites. 

Quietsleep!

Lots of information here focusing on sleep apnea, snoring and denistry. 

OBSTUCTIVE SLEEP APNEA

Good information on sleep apnea along with information about anaesthetics and apnea. 

The Sleep Apnea Society of Alberta (SASA)

Good information on sleep apnea along with support.. 

OBSTUCTIVE SLEEP APNEA

American Academy of Family Physicians. Great pictures and information 

A Physician with OSA reviews research for fellow patients.

Some of the best information I have found for people concerned with sleep apnea. Well done reviews in plane language covering many different aspects of sleep apnea and what patients need to know. 

A.P.N.E.A. Net

Under construction. Good start. Good information and support. 

Surgical Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea 

Good information on surgery options with sleep apnea. 

Anaesthesia and the Sleep Apnoea Sufferer 

Some thoughts for people with sleep apnoea who are preparing for surgery. 

DENTAL APPLIANCE THERAPY 

Treatment for Snoring and Obstructive Sleep Apnea using oral devices. 

Insomnia

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Sleep /Insomnia Evaluation Program

Great resource for Insomnia. Lot of good information. 

Shuteye Online

Brought to you by Searle. Beautifully done with expert advice on insomnia, jetlag, etc. 

Alice: Sleepless in Salt Lake 

Go ask Alice. Three questions on sleep 

iSleepless.Com 

Support, Comfort & Remedies for the Sleep-Challenged Soul 

Anxiety Self-Help 

If your insomnia is caused by Anxiety then this is the site for you. 

Restless Legs Syndrome

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Restless Legs Syndrome Support Page 

Great starting site for someone with RLS. 

Restless Legs 

Questions with responses. Could be useful. 

Southern California's Restless Legs Syndrome Support Group 

Well done page for local support. Has updated information on treatment of RLS and earned another owl. 

Narcolepsy

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Stanford University Center for Narcolepsy 

Very informative site. Well done. 

Living With Narcolespy 

Good site in the development stage. 

Narcolepsy Association UK (UKAN)

Lots of information on narcolepsy. 

Infant and Children Sleep Disorders

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Children and Sleep. Helpful Information for Parents

Good basic information from newborns to grade schoolers. 

SIDS NETWORK 

Best site for SIDS information. Dreamy! 

American Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) Institute

Service organization with some good information. 

The National Enuresis Society 

Lots of information, well done. 

Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) FAQ

Text of frequently asked questions. Good information. 

Night Terror Resource Center

Well organized and multi-resource site. 

Sleep Problems in Children

Well organized and good information. 

Infant Sleep

Basic information on normal infant sleep.. 

'Nighttime Parenting"

and how it may reduce the risk of SIDS.. 

Adolescent Sleep Needs and Patterns:

Research Report and Resource Guide. Provided by the National Sleep Foundation. 

Sleep and Aging

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Sleep Problems 

Some good advice, text only. 

Magazine: A Good Night's Sleep, Brochure, 1993

Basic information, text only. 

Misc. Information

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

Blood Pressure During Sleep May Be Important 

Good information about blood pressure during sleep. Short but to the point. 

The Balance Beam: Sleep 

Article from Stanford's newspaper. Focus on sleep deprivation. 

Big Folks Health FAQ's 

Lots of information here, health issues for overweight people. 

Epilepsy & Sleep Disorders 

Posted article with 12 responses, some not so good. Text only. 

AIM

A non profit organization dedicated to help people find the best mattress for their particular need.

Kleine-Levin Syndrome website

New site. Should improve over time..

Are you burned out.

Great Site, brought to you by COLUMBUS COMMUNITY HOSPITAL REGIONAL SLEEP DISORDERS CENTER .

How could a skilled physician miss the same diagnosis repeatedly?

Great examples. Must see for primary physicians..

Sleep & Seizures 

Good information on seizures. Ask the expert coming soon. 

SUGGESTIONS FOR SLEEP 

Good information on sleep hygiene. 

Other Home Pages devoted to Sleep Disorders Medicine

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 

The Sleep Well

Great information on all levels, especially the sleep activist wanting to get information out to the public. 

The Sleep Medicine Home Page 

Good resource page. Geared up for sleep professionals, however still very useful for us all. 

NIH Sleep Information

Upgraded NIH site. Some information requires Acrobat Reader. 

Stanford University Center for Excellence for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Sleep Disorders 

Portal with links to all of Stanford's sleep sites. Some sites are still under construction. 

Sleep Disorders: Supportive Care/Screening/Prevention Information 

From CancerNet, good information relating to cancer and sleep disorders, text only. 

SLEEP/WAKE DISORDERS CANADA

Well done! Beautiful Graphics (may be a little slow downloading depending on modem speed) Good information. Dreamy site! 

SLEEP DISORDERS (3)

Provided by Sleep Medicine Associates. Good basic information on many disorders. 

SLEEP DISORDERS (5)

From the National Sleep Foundation. Great site with lots of information. 

The Normal Sleep Cycle

Lots of information on normal sleep and sleep disorders. 

THE SLEEP SITE

Huge source of information on sleep disorders. 

Sleep Pathology

Some information on common sleep disorders. 

Circadian Rhythm, Shiftwork, Jetlag

Note: Pages will open in a new browser window. Close window to return. 
Well done lots of information including side effects. Also contains questionnaire that can be submitted. 

Circadian Information Web Site 

Focusing on sales of information for the shiftworker manager. Some information and alot of links. 

Control of Sleep and Body Temperature

The Harvard Mahoney Neuroscience Institute Letter "ON THE BRAIN". Interesting but somewhat technical. 

American Airline's online version of its inflight magazine. Some information on jetlag. 

Copyright ©1995-2003 Sleepnet.com., All rights reserved 
