
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Astronomy Picture of the Day's 
Educational Links 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
What follows is a list of resources that excel in astronomy education. Each resource is distinctly different - they have been chosen to highlight a wide range of interests. We believe the list is topologically complete in that there are no publicly advertised astronomy resources on the WWW that cannot be found by following the internal links of these resources. The list is in alphabetical order, and is subject to change as the WWW, and our knowledge of it, matures. 

APOD in the Classroom 
How Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD) is being used as a learning tool by teachers and students. 
Ask the Space Scientist 
Answers to thousands of astronomy questions by Dr. Sten Odenwald. 
Astronomy HyperText Book 
Several astronomy lectures on an intermediate level. You can also ask a question, through e-mail, of an astronomy expert. 
Astronomy with a Stick 
Elementary school astronomy activities that can be done with only a stick. Brought to you by the National Science Teachers Association. 
Astronomy Picture of the Day Subject Sorted Archive 
This archive contains Astronomy Pictures of the Day (TM) sorted by subject and is updated monthly. 
AstroWeb: Astronomical Internet Resources 
An exhaustive list of astronomy resources on the internet. 
ASCL: The Astrophysics Source Code Library 
An archive of computer programs useful to researchers in astronomy or astrophysics. 
Black holes and Neutron Stars 
Take a virtual trip to a black hole or neutron star. Have your MPEG movie player ready. Intended for the advanced student, but fun for everyone. 
The Exploratorium 
A fun way to explore science for a beginner. 
George Mason University's Introductory Astronomy Lecture Notes 
Lecture outlines and transparencies for an introductory college level astronomy class. Knowledge of pre-calculus level mathematics is assumed. 
Great Debates in Astronomy 
Do leading astronomers always agree? Not always. Here are detailed accounts of several debates in astronomy starting with the famous Scale of the Universe discussion in 1920 between Curtis and Shapley. 
Imagine the Universe! 
This premier internet education site now covers a broad range of astronomy topics. "Imagine the Universe!" is a service of the Laboratory for High Energy Astrophysics at NASA/ Goddard Space Flight Center. 
Hubble Space Telescope Public Information 
Detailed pictures and explanations of Hubble Space Telescope results. 
NASA Spacelink - An Electronic Information System for Educators 
An entry into NASA's educational projects. Intended for teachers looking for on-line teaching aids. 
The Night Sky Live
 See the night sky live from some of the world's premier observing sites. This growing global network of CONtinuous CAMeras (CONCAMs) returns live images of stars, planets, meteors, and much more. 
StarChild: A Learning Center for Young Astronomers 
Intended primarily for ages 4-14, this site presents material on the Solar System, the Universe, and other Space Stuff. Produced by a collaboration of professional scientists and educators it is one of the very few astronomy WWW sites for elementary school readers. 
Stellar Education Site 
An elementary school teachers' resource for general astronomy education. 
Students for the Exploration and Development of Space (SEDS) 
A library of information for the student on all aspects of space and space travel. Be sure to take the "Nine Planets" tour. 
Views Of The Solar System 
Great pictures and detailed information on the space program and the solar system. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Return to Astronomy Picture of the Day. 