

News
Reviews
Cameras
Timeline
Buying Guide
Side-by-Side
Galleries
Forums
Search
Learn
Glossary
Feedback
Newsletter
Links
Support Us
About
 	

Other (Digital) Photography Resources

The sites below also deal with the latest digital camera news, reviews and articles. As a whole we consider ourselves the largest digital camera sites on the Internet, despite being competitors we do so in a friendly manner (and offer different points of view). (In no particular order)

Digital Photography Review. You are    here. Established in December 1998, I started the site to cover    reviews of the latest digicams. It's now (arguably) the largest,    most visited digital photography    web site. For more info click here.

photo.net.    Started by Philip Greenspun as an "outlet" for his photographic    talent photo.net soon grew into a large site with lots of information    on equipment and techniques, is probably the largest community of    photographers online. Primarily film equipment though now covering    some digital.	     
  	  Fotki    is a unique photo sharing site which doesn't try to sell you stuff,    it just does what it should. A unique interface and excellent 'tree    structure' to galleries makes it easy to browse and view. There's    a premium service which allows you to do co-branded (your own design    / domain name) galleries. 	    
  	  Rob    Galbraith Online. Rob, professional photo-journalist covers primarily    professional digital cameras (Kodak DCS series and Nikon D1) 	    
  	  Steves    Digicams. Established back in May 1998 by Steve Sanders, a professional    photographer veteran and electronics technician. Up to date digital    camera news and the latest reviews.	     
  	  Imaging-Resource.    Run by Dave Etchells, regular contributions from Michael R. Tomkins.    Imaging Resource always covers the latest news and produces excellent    digicam reviews.	     
  	  Digital    Camera Resource Page. Started in late 1997 by Jeff Keller. DCResource    has recently undergone a facelift and is looking very techno these    days. Latest news & reviews.	     
  	     

Megapixel.Net    is a bilingual (English & French) web magazine from Canada,    updated monthly with at least four digital camera reviews and lots    of useful articles. 

DigitalCamera.Jp    (formally DigitalCamera.Gr.Jp) is probably the longest running and    certainly most closely followed Japanese digital camera news website.    Yamada Kumio who runs the site is very well known in the Japanese    digital camera industry and is somewhat of a celebrity over there.	     
  	     

123di.com    Home of the "The 123 of digital imaging
    Interactive e-book", established by Vincent Bockaert,
    site contributor for dpreview.com and author of what is
    probably the most comprehensive digital imaging guide 
   for beginners and experts alike.

ShortCourses.    Dennis Curtin's background includes writing, editing and publishing    he launched the short courses website back in 1998 and now publishes    them in a printed format. 	    
  	  Digital    Outback Photo, editted by Uwe Steinmueller is specialised site    covering outdoor photography using professional digital cameras (primarily    SLR's) 	    
  	  The    National Association of Photoshop Professionals (NAPP) is the leading    source of Adobe Photoshop news, education and information. NAPP is    the trade association of the creative and design industry with over    20,000 members in 64 countries and publisher of the highly acclaimed    print publication, Photoshop    User magazine.	    

If you would like to become an affiliate site or feel your page should be on this list please contact: Phil Askey (Webmaster).

  	

