

   	

For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son,
 that whosoever shall believeth in Him, should not perish but have everlasting life.
John 3:16 KJV    	

The Anointed Christian Links (ACL) site presents an alphabetical list of Christian websites, each with a jar of anointing oil. Many are resource sites which could give you weeks, or even months, of browsing.

This site comprises this &#145;home’ page, and 23 main alphabetically-listed pages:

Anointed Christian Links – A
Anointed Christian Links – B
Anointed Christian Links – C1
Anointed Christian Links – C2
Anointed Christian Links – D
Anointed Christian Links – E
Anointed Christian Links – F
Anointed Christian Links – G
Anointed Christian Links – H
Anointed Christian Links – I
Anointed Christian Links – J
Anointed Christian Links – K
Anointed Christian Links – L
Anointed Christian Links – M
Anointed Christian Links – N
Anointed Christian Links – O
Anointed Christian Links – P
Anointed Christian Links – Q
Anointed Christian Links – R
Anointed Christian Links – S
Anointed Christian Links – T1
Anointed Christian Links – T2
Anointed Christian Links – U to Z

And five other pages:

Site Submission Information
Site Listing Update
ACL Guestbook
Link To This Site
Christian BannerMania 

You can access the main pages from the tabbed index which is on all pages. Click on the “Home” tab to return to this page. This is what the tabbed index looks like:

      Alphabetical Index To ACL       

You will also find a site search engine on each page. Add the keyword(s) you want and click on the “Find” button. The site search engine looks like this:

Search the &#145;Anointed Christian Links’ site! 	

Latest ACL News

January 2, 2004: There are now 2,252 Christian sites listed with ACL – each site is personally checked before being added.

December 17, 2003: All links have been checked by Xenu’s Link Sleuth.

I encourage browsing through these pages because often you will see a site description which appeals to you but which you might not have been looking for. That is the reason why this site is not presented in categories.

I cannot personally endorse any of the sites on this list and they are presented for your information only. However, all listed sites must believe in the Nicene Creed as the minimum tenet of faith. I consider all people who believe in the Nicene Creed to be my brothers and sisters in Christ, irrespective of doctrinal differences. If they are not Christian then I consider them my neighbor (Matt 22:39). If you are unsure of the wording of the Nicene Creed there is a copy posted on the link request page.

For information about the criteria for sites listed on these pages click here.

If you would like your non-commercial Christian site listed here send me your details now.

While you are visiting please sign the ACL Guestbook to record your visit and to leave comments.

 	 
Graham Pockett, Founder & Editor
Anointed Christian Links	 

Faith, the final frontier...
These are the voyages of the human race; whose continuing mission is to trust God in all areas and not waver, to seek out new insights from His Word, and to boldly offer Salvation to all who’ll listen.
paraphrase by Graham Pockett (with apologies to Gene Roddenberry) 	
(Want to add “Faith, the final frontier...” to your site? Get the HTML code here).

bookmark this site now!

RECOMMEND THIS SITE
This button opens a popup window so you can send an e-mail message to a friend.

Don’t forget to sign the ACL Guestbook to record your visit.

  Graham’s Christian writing:

Download these articles:
GrahamsWriting.zip	 
* The Key To Heaven

* “Once Saved Always Saved” – a dangerous delusion?

* Do You Believe In Miracles?

* Does God Ever Change His Mind?

* Bashing The Bible

* Are You Hard Boiled, Or Soft & Runny?

* New Wine In An Old Skin – the problem of legalism in the church today

* Why I Quote The NIV Bible

* Christian Concepts – when we are saved

* Christian Concepts – the cavern of life

* Christian Concepts – the three crosses

* Christian Concepts – we are what we eat 	

Music

The music playing on this page is Amazing Grace.

“Halloween – a harmless ritual?” by Jean Claude Boulenaz

To Button Bar

Do You Know What Really Annoys Me About God? 	
(Want to add the link above to your site? Get the HTML code here).

“Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly as you teach and admonish one another with all wisdom, as you sing psalms, hymns and spiritual songs with gratitude in your hearts to God.”
[Colossians 3:16 NIV] 

Could this key save your life?

Click on it to find out. (Want to add the link above to your site? Get the HTML code here).

To Button Bar

© Graham Pockett
Last Updated: Monday, January 12, 2004

