LINKS TO OTHER SITES - Introductory page

All opinions & information presented on these sites are solely those of each web page's owner.
 While I have visited each of these sites when I added them, their inclusion here does not necessarily mean I endorse that group or vouch for their efforts. Parents should supervise children's use of the internet.

New sites are marked by a check mark for a few weeks.
 

If you find a link which no longer works properly, or you wish to suggest a site for inclusion in this list, please let me know. 

In an effort to make these links easier to find, I have sorted them into 16 groups. Each group has sites whose subject matter is primarily under that heading. Look around though, some sites cover many subjects; and I had to put them somewhere. You will find links to all of my links pages at the bottom of each page. Just click on an underlined phrase to go to that page. The large number of links has forced me to add many additional pages. 

About My Book

Below is a picture of the cover of my book
"This Day in North American Indian History"
IT IS NOW AVAILABLE.
Click on the cover to order a copy
 

Click here to order a copy of my book
in the USA. 
or
In the U.K. or In Germany or In France or In Canada 

Looking for a good book, usually at a discount?
Purchasing a book through this link helps support my site. Click on the appropriate line below:

American Indian History Books
American Indian Biography Books
American Indian Studies Books
American Indian Literature Books
Native Peoples of Canada Books
American Indian Cookbooks
"Native Healing" Books
American Indian Music 

......Click Here for Magazines ......Click here for Music 

Click here for Videos ...... Click here for Computer Equipment
 

Featured Link of the Month for January:

This month's "Link of The Month" is Terri Jean's website. Terri Jean is an author and director of the Red Roots Educational Project. She has written many articles, some of which you can find on her site. Her site has lots of other interesting information. 

Her website is located at:
 http://www.terrijean.com/ 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Previous "Link of the Month" sites 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Click on one of the underlined phrases below to go to that page. 
Reference Sites 	Tribal Sites 	Art, Music &
Photography Sites 	General Sites 	

Personal Home Pages 	Web Ring Sites 	Language Sites 	Media and
Publications Sites 	

Map Sites 	Genealogy Sites 	History Sites 	PowWow or Events Sites 	

Miscellaneous
Sites 	Biography Sites 	Information on Specific Tribes 	Commercial Sites 	

Smaller Link Sites 	"Link of the Month" Sites 	

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Explaination of the Link Page Titles:

Reference:.....These pages have links to numerous sites, or contain exceptionally large amounts of information.
 Tribal:.....These are sites which claim to be "official" or "unofficial" Tribal home pages
 Smaller: ..... These sites have just a few links or are limited in information
 Art:.....These sites have, or are about, artwork, music, and photographs
 General:..... These sites cover subject matters which do not fit elsewhere
 Personal: ..... These are the home pages of individuals
 Rings: ..... These are Web Rings dedicated to North American Indians
 Language: ..... These sites deal with Indian Languages
 Media: ..... These sites are for publications, books, newsletters, e-mail lists, Radio and Television
 Map: ..... These sites feature maps
 Genealogy:..... These sites deal in genealogy, check here to research your family
 History: .....These sites deal primarily in historical information
 Powwow: ..... These sites cover Powwows and other special events
 Misc.: ..... These sites are interesting or useful places which may not be directly related to Indians
 Biography:..... These sites feature biographical information on Indians or people who made a major impact on Indians
 Information:..... These sites contain information on Tribes, but do not claim to be a Tribal home page
 Commercial:..... These sites all have something to sell
 
Go To "On This Date in North American Indian History" Main Page 

Go To Tribal Names Page 

Go to Indian Moons & Calendar Stuff 

Go to Awards & "Web Rings" 	

Sign My Guestbook
 
View My Guestbook

