

Human Genome Most Used Links

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Mapping Data Sites Sequence Data Sites Computational Sites Genome Top Pages 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Mapping Data Sites

GDB - Genome Database

GDB - Genome Data Base 
The Genome Data Base WWW access, chromosome reports, Ideogram-based chromosome searching, Maps, Human Genome Project reasources and Meetings, and Johns Hopkins bioinformatics information. 
Genomic Segment Query 
Keyword search using WAIS 
Quick Search 
The search options on this page allow you to retrieve an object from the database without
going to the full set of query forms. These are useful if you know the object you are
searching for either by its accession ID or name. Maps can be retrieved using the customized
query form to query by position. 
CPROP Maps of Human Chromosomes 
CPROP is an experimental program for doing map construction and integration. It is based on AI methods of reasoning with constraints. Information about distances and orders of loci derived from experiments and/or other maps are represented by constraints, and an inference process propagates these constraints around the map in an attempt to reduce uncertainty. 
GDB Map Comparison Reports 
OMIM Home Page -- (now at NCBI) 
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man -- This database is a catalog of human genes and genetic disorders. 
The Human Genome Organisation (HUGO) 
The Human Genome Organisation (HUGO) is the international organisation of scientists
involved in the Human Genome Project (HGP), the global initiative to map and sequence
the human genome. HUGO was established in 1989 by a group of the world's leading
genome scientists to promote international collaboration within the project. 

Genthon--CEPH

GENETHON WWW server 
CEPH/Genthon - Human Genome Center with access to Genethon yac and probe data and chromosome level maps. 
QUICKMAP infoclone 
Direct access to Infoclone for STS and YAC information. 
CEPH/Genethon integrated map 
Ceph-Genethon intergrated map with access to the CEPH YAC library, QUICKMAP, and Infoclone for information about a STS or YAC. 
CEPH-System Query Form 
The present version of the database (V8.0 - March 1996) contains genotypes for 10975 genetic
markers, including more than 7950 microsatellite markers (61% of which are highly polymorphic
microsatellite), assigned to all human chromosomes. The mean heterozygote frequency of all
the loci in V8.0 is 0.62. 

Whitehead - MIT

Whitehead Institute 
Whitehead Institute Center for Genome Research has STS, YAC and mapping data using Genethon YACs and STS's along with their own. 
Human STS vs YAC Screening Data 
Human STS vs YAC Screening Database with periodic releases of STS/YAC data including STS primers. 
Whitehead FTP site 
The FTP site has all of the STS and YAC data that has been released. 

Baylor - Genome Center

Baylor - Genome Center 
Baylor College of Medicine Genome Center -- Access to YAC search pages, Biologist's Control Panel, BCM Sequence Annotation Server, and Genome Center Computing help. 
YAC data searches 
Perform YAC and STS searchs on Baylor's STS screening experiments, Genethon STS, AluPCR, and fingerprinting data, and Whitehead STS screening experiments. 
BCM Search Launcher 
The purpose of BCM Search Launcher is to organize molecular biology-related search and analysis services available on the WWW by function, and to provide a single point-of-entry for related searches (e.g., a single page for launching protein sequence searches using standard parameters). 

Standford Human Genome Center

Stanford Human Genome Center 
The two primary research goals of the Stanford Human Genome Center (SHGC) are the
construction of high resolution Radiation Hybrid maps of the human genome and the
sequencing of large, contiguous genomic regions. 
Radiation Hybrid Chromosome Index 
Stanford's Radiation Hybrid Mapping data. 

Los Alamos National Lab(CHGS/LS) 
The Center for Human Genome Studies and Life Sciences Division at Los Alamos National Laboratory. 
Coop. Human Linkage Center 
Cooperative Human Linkage Center has all their chromosome genetic maps and marker data here. 
LLNL Biology and Biotech 
LLNL Biology and Biotechnology Research Program - Homepage which has access to LLNL Human Genome Center, DNA repair, molecular toxicology and human risk assessment, structural biology, technology developments, and the Center for Healthcare Technology. 
CSMC Mol. Gen. - Korenberg's BACS/PACS 
The Molecular Genetics Laboratories at Cedars-Sinai Research Institute are headed by Dr. Julie R.
Korenberg and contains the integrated YAC/BAC/PAC resource for the Human Genome. 
Human Genome Map Search 
Return all GenBank entries that have been mapped to the specified positions
on human chromosomes. Also find all the non-human homologs of those entries.
This query uses map data from the Genome Data Base. 

Sequence Data Sites

NCGR

NCGR: Home Page 
The National Center for Genome Resources in Sante Fe for query access to the Genome Sequence Data Base. 
Entry Retrieval 
GSDB entries are identified both by ACCESSION numbers (e.g., D10483) and LOCUS names (e.g., ECO110K). This page can be used to retrieve hyperlinked entries from the database using either of these types of identifiers. 

NCBI - Pages

The National Center for Biotechnology Information 
NCBI : BLAST Notebook 
BLAST search using sequence data at NCBI. 
NCBI : GenBank 
Searching GenBank and other sequence databases like Swiss-Prot and PIR. 
NCBI : dbEST 
dbEST : A division of GenBank for cDNA
sequence and mapping data. 
NCBI : dbSTS 
dbSTS : A public database of "Sequence
Tagged Sites". 
NCBI : XREF 
Cross-referencing the Genetics of Model Organisms with
Mammalian Phenotypes at NCBI. 
OMIM Home Page -- (now at NCBI) 
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man -- This database is a catalog of human genes and genetic disorders. 
Disease Genes 
Inherited Disease Genes Identified by Positional Cloning. 

TIGR

TIGR Home Page 
The Institue for Genomic Research and the TIGR Database which contains DNA and protein sequence, gene expression, cellular role, isology class, taxonomic and sample collection data for a variety of species. 
TIGR Database (TDB) 
TIGR Database (TDB) is a collection of molecular biology databases containing DNA and
protein sequence, gene expression, cellular role, isology class, taxonomic and sample
collection data for a variety of species. TDB currently comprises the Microbial
Database (MDB, containing the genome sequences of Haemophilus influenzae and Mycoplasma
genitalium), the Human cDNA Database (HCD), the Expressed Gene Anatomy Database(EGAD),
Sequences, Sources, Taxa (SST), and the Arabidopsis thaliana Database. 
TIGR Human cDNA Mapping Project 
Using the TIGR Human cDNA Database, we have designed and tested primer pairs for more
than 9,000 Sequence Tagged Sites (STSs) matching distinct human genes. Verified primer
pairs have been distributed to several laboratories for incorporation into radiation
hybrid, YAC, and BAC maps of the human genome. 

Mutation Databases

Human Gene Mutation Database 
the Human Gene Mutation Database at the Institute of Medical Genetics in Cardiff 
Mutation Database Website - Melbourne 
To facilitate communication between those interested in locus specific mutation databases and their integration
into a system which allows access via computers to up-to-date lists of mutations in genes. 

SRSWWW-TopPage 
Network Browser for Databanks in Molecular Biology from Sanger Center. 
GRAIL/GenQuest - ORNL 
Access to GRAIL, the DNA sequence analysis tool, and GenQUEST, the interface to the sequence comparicon server designed for rapid and sensitive comparison of DNA and protein sequence to existing sequences. 
BCMMultiple Sequence Alignments 
BCM Search Launcher: Multiple Sequence Alignments. 
NCSA BIOLOGY WORKBENCH 
A point and click web interface that provides access to databases
and analysis tools for biological investigations. 
Gene Discovery Page 
The purpose of this page is to serve as a "desktop" area,
primarily for the bench scientist with little biocomputing
background. It organizes existing search engines in a
coherent, stepwise fashion providing one of the many
strategies that may lead to gene discovery. 

Computational Biology

Biology and Genome Informatics Resources 
Biology and Genome Informatics Resources at the University of Michigan Human Genome Center. 
BIOSCI/bionet 
BIOSCI, bionet Electronic Newsgroup Network for Biology, is a set of freely accessible electronic communication forums, newsgroups and parallel e-mail lists, for use by biological scientists worldwide. 
Hopkins Bio-Informatics 
The Johns Hopkins University BioInformatics Web Server 
AuNU - Bioinformatics 
Australian National University Bioinformatics 
CBIL Home Page - UPENN 
University of Pennsylvania - Computational Biology and Informatics Laboratory. 
UPenn Computational Biology 
Has examples of work on chromosome 22. 
NIH : Computational Molecular biology 
European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI) 
This is the the world-wide web (WWW) server of the European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI)which is located near Cambridge in the UK. The EBI is an Outstation of EMBL 
W.M. Keck Center 
Welcome to the W.M. Keck Center for Advanced Training in Computational
Biology. The Keck Center provides graduate and postdoctoral training
program in computational biology, a fast growing field that couples
computer science with traditional biology. 
MAGPIE 
MAGPIE - Multipurpose Automated Genome Project Investigation Environment
at Mathematics and Computer Science Division - Argonne National Laboratory. 
Software

Genome List of Shareable Software 
The Genome List of Shareable Software (GLoSS) is a database of programs, software components, design documents, proposed standards, etc. that the authors are willing to share with the community of genome researchers. 
ACEDB Documentation Server 
A repository for ACEDB documentation, intended as a resource for developers, curators, and end-users. 
Informax,Inc. 
InforMax is dedicated to providing value added, high quality commercial and scientific software programming services and products in a variety of fields including biotechnology, medicine, finance, communications and the Internet.
New Product: Vector NTI Viewer 
New Concept: Vector NTI Molecule Documents 
Object-Protocol Model (OPM) 
The Object-Protocol Model (OPM) and OPM Data Management Tools 
Genetics Computer Group (GCG) 
The Genetics Computer Group (GCG) serves the molecular biology and medicine by discovering, implementing, documenting, supporting, explaining, and publishing computer applications in the area of DNA and protein sequence analysis. 
bioTk Home Page 
bioTk is a library of widgets and utilities designed to support the creation of graphical user interfaces in the domain of computational biology and genome informatics. 

Genome Top Pages

DOE and OHER

OHER Home Page 
DOE Office of Health and Environmental Research -- Biological and Environmental Research Home Page 
OHER Human Genome Program 
The Human Genome Program of the Department of Energy 
Biology Information Center 
A Mega resource page for links to all kinds of DOE supported labs and organizations. 
DOE OHER Bioinformation 
DOE OHER Bioinformation Infrastructure: Biological databases, data analysis tools, and links to other Internet sites useful for basic research and practical applications of biology, medicine, biotechnology, and the environment. 
Human Genome News 
Human Genome News (HGN) is a newsletter of the U.S. Human Genome Project sponsored by the genome programs of the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Energy. HGN is intended to facilitate communication among genome researchers and to inform persons interested in genome research. 
Department of Energy Home Page 
NABIR Program 
NABIR is a research program sponsored by the Department of Energy's (DOE) Office of Health and
Environmental Research (OHER). NABIR's mission over the next ten years is to provide the
scientific understanding needed to use and accelerate natural processes for the bioremediation
of contaminated soils, sediments, and groundwater at DOE facilities. 
Primer on Molecular Genetics (Department of Energy) 

NIH Top Pages

NIH Home Page 
National Institutes of Health (NIH) Home Page. 
NCHGR 
The National Center for Human Genome Research -- NIH. 
NLM HyperDOC 
HyperDOC -- A Multimedia/Hypertext Resource of the U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) 

Linking Pages

GenLink: A human genetics resource 
GenLink is a multimedia database resource for human genetics that is currently under development. GenLink will provide linkage mapping information and software tools that will facilitate the integration of physical and genetic linkage data to produce unified maps of the human genome. 
Biologists's Control Panel 
This page provides access to a number of mapping and sequencing databases. 
Pedro's BioMolecular Research Tools 
WOW!! This is a great place to find what ever you need. If there is a database you need or biology points, this is the place to go. 
Links to other Bio-Web servers 
The following are a collection of human genome databases served from the UK's
HGMP Resource Centre. 
Molecular Bioloy and BioInformations 
Molecular Biology and BioInformations-WWW sampler. -- Great! 
Biology - Home Pages 
Access to a variety of universities, laboratories, and databases doing biological research. 
BioSpace Home Page 
Synergistic Designs has created this space to help foster a worldwide community of shared interests within the biotech industry. BioSpace(TM) combines many facets of both an ongoing, on-line trade conference and an electronic trade publication focused on the biotechnology industry. 

Centers

OVERVIEW of Genome Centers 
Genome Centers Provide Overview -- Goals, Accomplishments, Resources Highlighted in Human Genome News, Nov. 1994; 6(4):1 
DOE and NIH Human Genome Research Centers and GESTECS 
Center for Human Genome Studies(LANL) 
The Center for Human Genome Studies at Los Alamos National Laboratory containing mapping and sequencing data for chromosome 16 and short arm of chromosome 5. 
NIH GenoBase DB Gateway 
Access to GenoBase Databases via indexes of descriptive fields or queries. 
LBL Human Genome Center 
The Human Genome Center at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. 
The Human Genome Organisation (HUGO) 
The Human Genome Organisation (HUGO) is the international organisation of scientists
involved in the Human Genome Project (HGP), the global initiative to map and sequence
the human genome. HUGO was established in 1989 by a group of the world's leading
genome scientists to promote international collaboration within the project. 
Harvard Biological Laboratory 
Great resource to find other Bio Databases, laboratories, and software. 
Stanford Human Genome Center 
The two primary research goals of the Stanford Human Genome Center (SHGC) are the
construction of high resolution Radiation Hybrid maps of the human genome and the
sequencing of large, contiguous genomic regions. 
Washington University

Genome Sequencing Center - GSC Home Page 
The Genome Sequencing Center is a large-scale DNA sequencing laboratory at Washington
University in St. Louis. They sequence Human, Caenorhabditis elegans, and S. cerevisiae. 
Institute for Biomedical Computing 
The Institute for Biomedical Computing (IBC) , specializes in using
computational techniques for solving problems in sequence and genome
analysis, microscopy, molecular modeling, biochemical databases and
modeling, computational chemistry and image restoration. 
Genetics Department 
Research interests in the department include the basic molecular and developmental
genetics of model eukaryotic systems such as the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster,
the nematode worm Caenorhabditis elegans, and the baker's yeast Saccharomyces
cerevisiae, as well as the mapping and identification of genes responsible for
important human hereditary diseases. 

Caltech Genome Research Laboratory 
Construction of Bacterial Artificial Chromosome (BAC) Libraries and resources. 
YCMI Home Page 
Center for Medical Informatics at Yale University's School of Medicine. 
Sanger Centre Home Page. 
You can obtain information on local projects, local computing facilities, people working at this site, or access links to external sites from here. 
Human Genome Project at Columbia 
This WWW server is run by The Human Genome Project at Columbia University. It contains information on maps, databases and software produced by the project. It will also contain some interesting pointers to the outside world. 
UK MRC Resource Centre 
UK MRC Human Genome Mapping Project Resource Centre. This is a collection of useful locations and services. Most of the information is public, but the Menu is only available if you have registered as a user of the HGMP services. 
Jackson Laboratory 
The Jackson Laboratory has a threefold mission: to conduct research in basic genetics and
the role of genes in health and disease; to educate the scientific community; and to
provide genetically defined mice and other genetic resources to the world. 
Univ. of Houston Gene-Server 
The University of Houston molecular biology software and data archives. 
Eccles Institute of Human Genetics 
The Eccles Institute of Human Genetics WWW home page at the University of Utah. 
Danish Centre for Human Genome Research 
The Danish Centre for Human Genome Research's 2-D PAGE Databases at
the University of Aarhus contain data on proteins identified on various
reference maps. 
The OUGCG WWW HomePage 
The University of Oklahoma Human Chromosome 22 WWW Server. 
BRASS home page 
The Bioinformatics Resource for Algorithms, Software and Sequences. The BRASS homepage has been designed for the Bioinformatics unit at the University of Manchester School of Biological Sciences. This resource is designed to allow access to different types of Bioinformatics services via the Internet. These include access to Databases, Software and Bulletin Boards. This resource is experimental and will be modified in the near future with the inclusion of further modules of Bioinformatics resources. 
RLDB2 
This provides access to the Reference Library DataBase located at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund in London. 
Genome Therap./Collab. Research 
Genome Therapeutics/Collaborative Research Welcome Page 
NCHGR Home page 
National Center for Human Genome Research (NCHGR) hypermedia information service. 
Genome Science and Technology Center (GESTEC) 
The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center GESTEC Informatics Group archives and 
analyzes the data generated in the production groups (sequencing, mapping, YAC and resources). 

Other Genomic Databases

Mouse Genome Informatics 
Jackson Laboratory Mouse Databases. 
Berkeley Drosophila Genome Project 
Berkeley Drosophila Genome Project including the Encyclopaedia of
Drosophila WWW server. 
ChickBASE 
Roslin Institute, Edinburgh -- The genome database of the chicken. 
HGMP Resource Centre FUGU Project 
The UK MRC HGMP-RC FUGU Project is a comparative mapping project funded by the
MRC to allow Sydney Brenner and Greg Elgar, through the HGMP, to generate a
Landmark map of the puffer fish, Fugu rubripes(Fugu) genome. 

Bio Companies/Resources

ATCC Home Page 
American Type Culture Collection Home Page 

Biological Gohper Sites

JHMI -- Biology Gopher 
Access to a number of biological gopher and ftp sites both at Johns Hopkins University and others. 
Biological Gophers 
A whole lot of gopher sites. 

Reference Material

Dictionary of Cell Biology 
This server provides search access to the Dictionary of Cell Biology.
Changing to macserver.molbio.gla.ac.uk instead of 130.209.9.190. 
Welcome to About Biotech 
About Biotech takes an in-depth look at the field of biotechnology - from its scientific roots to today's career opportunities. It is both a comprehensive overview and a "work in progress," which hopes to serve as a foundation for a sound understanding of genetics and recombinant DNA technology, as well as a source for exploring the latest breakthroughs in an area where breakthroughs occur almost on a daily basis. It is the place to find out about the tremendous scope of today's biotechnology industry and the various opportunities its rapid growth affords students. 
Bibliography Gopher at Brookhaven 
Welcome to the Brookhaven PDB gopher hole! 
Genetics Societies Home Page 
A listing of Genetics Societies 
Article Gohper at Rutgers 
Gohper at Rutgers containing Necleic Acid Dtabase Reports, Newsletters and graphical files. 
Course/Tutorial on Cell Biology 

Chromosome 16 Resources

Chr. 16 Database Query 
Database or Flatfile queries to LANL's Chromosome 16 database. 
HGN-DOE '94-Phy Mapping 
HGN-High Res Maps of 16 and 19 
Ch16 STSs from Utah 

