Ask a Librarian Contact Staff/ Request Forms Help Using the Libraries Services to Users with Disabilities Library Explorer Instructional Services Crisis in Scholarly Publishing --> Make a Gift Quick Search InfoHawk Gateway Library Web UI Web Yahoo AltaVista Google Search for: The University of Iowa Libraries is the largest library system in Iowa and has the 17th-largest holdings among the nation's public research universities. The University's Main Library, its 11 branch libraries, and the Law Library contain more than 3 million volumes. About two-thirds of this collection resides in the Main Library. About the Libraries Administration and organization, contact information, strategic plan, org chart, staff directory, exhibitions, friends, news, policies, projects and symposia, publications Access Services Information on circulation, document-delivery, and interlibrary loan services. Ask a Librarian Contact a library department through the library's e-mail reference service. Collection Management Information on collections/selectors and gifts-in-kind. Distance Education Library Services Library services provided for distance education students. Instructional Services Learn how to use the Libraries and its resources more effectively. Laptops and Wireless Access Library locations that provide wireless access and/or laptop checkout. Library Explorer A tutorial that teaches you how to choose information sources, use InfoHawk, and much more. Research Consultations Request an individual consultation appointment with a reference librarian. Services to Users with Disabilities Information about library services for users with disabilities. TWIST Program Teaching With Innovative Style and Technology, a three-year project to create a model training program for librarians and faculty on networked information resources. Main Library Virtual Tour Central Technical Services Circulation Services Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery East Asian Collection Government Publications Help Using the Libraries Information Arcade International Dada Archive Iowa Women's Archives Map Collection Media Services Reference and Information Services Reserve Services Special Collections System-Wide Access Services Art Library Biological Sciences Library Pomerantz Business Library Center for Research Libraries Chemistry Library Engineering Library Geoscience Library Hardin Library for the Health Sciences Information Commons Law Library Mathematical Sciences Library Rita Benton Music Library Physics Library Psychology Library Other Local Libraries University Libraries, University of Iowa. Copyright (c) 1996-2001. The University of Iowa. All rights reserved. Please send comments to: webmaster@www.lib.uiowa.edu . URL: http://www.lib.uiowa.edu/info.html Last updated: Thursday, Jul 10, 2003   --> 

 	  	  	  	 	

UNIVERSITY LIBRARIES
 INFORMATION AND SERVICES 

 	 	
 	 

A Message from the University Librarian

Library Hours
 
Library News,
Careers & Jobs
 
InfoHawk
 
Ask a Librarian

Contact Staff/
Request Forms

Help Using the Libraries

Services to Users with Disabilities

Library Explorer

Instructional Services

Make a Gift

 

Quick Search 
  	 	InfoHawk Gateway	 
  	 	Library Web	 
  	 	UI Web	 
  	 	Yahoo	 
  	 	AltaVista	 
  	 	Google	 
Search for:

                  	 	 The University of Iowa Libraries is the largest library system in Iowa and has the 17th-largest holdings among the nation's public research universities. The University's Main Library, its 11 branch libraries, and the Law Library contain more than 3 million volumes. About two-thirds of this collection resides in the Main Library.

About the Libraries
 	Administration and organization, contact information, strategic plan, org chart, staff directory, exhibitions, friends, news, policies, projects and symposia, publications 

Access Services
 	Information on circulation, document-delivery, and interlibrary loan services. 

Ask a Librarian
 	Contact a library department through the library's e-mail reference service. 

Collection Management
 	Information on collections/selectors and gifts-in-kind. 

Distance Education Library Services
 	Library services provided for distance education students. 

Instructional Services
 	Learn how to use the Libraries and its resources more effectively. 

Laptops and Wireless Access
 	Library locations that provide wireless access and/or laptop checkout. 

Library Explorer
 	A tutorial that teaches you how to choose information sources, use InfoHawk, and much more. 

Research Consultations
 	Request an individual consultation appointment with a reference librarian. 

Services to Users with Disabilities
 	Information about library services for users with disabilities. 

TWIST Program
 	Teaching With Innovative Style and Technology, a three-year project to create a model training program for librarians and faculty on networked information resources. 

  	 Main Library Virtual Tour
 	
  	 Central Technical Services
 	
  	 Circulation Services
 	
  	 Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery
 	
  	 East Asian Collection
 	
  	 Government Publications
 	
  	 Help Using the Libraries
 	
  	 Information Arcade
 	
  	 International Dada Archive
 	
  	 Iowa Women's Archives
 	
  	 Map Collection
 	
  	 Media Services
 	
  	 Reference and Information Services
 	
  	 Reserve Services
 	
  	 Special Collections
 	
  	 System-Wide Access Services
 	

Art Library
 	

Biological Sciences Library
 	

Pomerantz Business Library
 	

Center for Research Libraries
 	

Chemistry Library
 	

Engineering Library
 	

Geoscience Library
 	

Hardin Library for the Health Sciences	 
  	   Information Commons
 	

Law Library
 	

Mathematical Sciences Library
 	

Rita Benton Music Library
 	

Physics Library
 	

Psychology Library
 	

Other Local Libraries
 	

University Libraries, University of Iowa.
 Copyright (c) 1996-2001. The University of Iowa. All rights reserved.
 Please send comments to: webmaster@www.lib.uiowa.edu.
 URL: http://www.lib.uiowa.edu/info.html
 Last updated: Thursday, Jul 10, 2003
 		
