.subcat_links {font-weight:normal; font-face:Arial MT,Arial,Helvetica; font-size:11; text-decoration:none;} .g-head_links {font-color:white; font-face:Tahoma,Arial,Helvetica; font-size:12; text-decoration:none;} .menu_links {font-weight:bold; font-face:Arial MT,Arial,Helvetica; font-size:10; text-decoration:none;} .category_links {font-weight:bold; font-face:Arial MT,Arial,Helvetica; font-size:12; text-decoration:none;} a:link {color:black; } a:visited {color:black; } a:hover {color:#33cc33; } 

Click here to decorate your dorm room! 	

The Philippines' most comprehensive and largest human-edited web directory. Online since 1994. Ika-	 

• HOME • WHAT'S NEW? • ADD A LINK • MODIFY A LINK • COOL LINKS • TOP RATED • RANDOM LINK • BEST OF CYBERPINOYS • PIC OF THE DAY GALLERY • SEND A CARD! • Forum • TRIBUNG PINOY • MANONG KEN'S CARINDERIA • The Filipino Travel Palace • SEARCH • LOGIN • 	

Looking for something in particular? the entire directory   only this category 	More search options	 

Add a Tanikalang Ginto searchbox in your site!
 	

 	 

Home : Business : Transport and Shipping 	
CATEGORIES:	 	

 	 Custom Brokers (10) 	

 	 Door to Door (37) new 	

 	 Maritime Industry@ (75) 	

 	 Outside the Philippines (4) 	

 	 Relocation Services (2) 	

 	 Transport Consultancy and Planning (2) 	

 	 Warehousing (4) 	

LINKS:	 	
  Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 [>>] 	

* Aboitiz Jebsen 
Union of the Philippines' Aboitiz Group and Norway's Jebsens Group with businesses involved in shipowning, chartering, marketing and operations, shipmanagement, crew management, project management, and cash management. Your Preferred Partner - Total Transport Solutions Services - South Harbour, Port Area, Manila.
 http://www.abojeb.com
 (Added: Wed Jan 20 1999 Hits: 167 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Aboitiz One 
We move your cargoes and documents anywhere in the PhilippinesÂ… while you sleep! There is no other name you can trust for guaranteed, on-time delivery of your parcel. Aboitiz One assures you of no less than fast, friendly, reliable, and efficient door-to-door serviceÂ… when you want it, where you want it.
 http://www.aboitizone.com.ph
 (Added: Tue Jul 11 2000 Hits: 147 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Abratique & Associates, Inc. 
Abratique & Associates is a professional civil and traffic engineering firm of consultants specializing in the design, deployment and maintenance of advance traffic control technologies and emerging transportation management system solutions - Los Angeles, CA and Legaspi Village, Makati City.
 http://www.abratique.com
 (Added: Wed Feb 16 2000 Hits: 36 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Air France Philippines 
Official website of Air France in the Philippines. All you need to know about our company, flight Schedule, new promotion, frequence plus member, our new products and more - Makati (ticketing), Pasay (airport) and Paranaque (air cargo).
 http://www.airfrance.com.ph
 (Added: Thu May 10 2001 Hits: 139 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Air Power International Express (Phils.) Inc. 
A dynamic Philippine based international freight forwarding company providing customized global logistics solutions. Air Power consists of well-trained and experienced individuals united as a team with strong virtue of professionalism who constructively responds to clients' requirements - Paranaque City.
 http://www.airpowermnl.com
 (Added: Sat Mar 02 2002 Hits: 174 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Air Sea Guide Philippines Inc. 
A bi-monthly travel and cargo guide book for those in the business of international and domestic travel, cargo and transshipment forwarding. 
http://www.airseaguide.com
 (Added: Sat Jun 28 2003 Hits: 69 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Air Transportation Office 
Mandate is to implement policies on civil aviation to assure safe, economic and efficient air travel - MIA Road, Pasay City.
 http://www.ato.gov.ph
 (Added: Tue Oct 21 2003 Hits: 20 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Airfreight 2100 Inc. 
From its incorporation in June 1, 1979 as a Customs Brokerage firm, serving mostly multinational and electronic companies, Air21 has emerged as one of the country's leading air express and logistic provider, serving the shipping needs of Filipinos from all walks of life. It is the sole licensee of Federal Express Corporation in the Philippines.
 http://www.af2100.com
 (Added: Sat Jun 02 2001 Hits: 194 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Airlift Asia Inc. 
Guided by the values of EP-1OO (Excellence, Professionalism, Integrity, Openness,Â  Optimism) to achieve total customer satisfaction - Paranaque.
 http://www.aai.com.ph
 (Added: Mon Jul 09 2001 Hits: 129 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Allgemeine-Bau-Chemie Philippines 
Pioneers in the modern tiling industry. ABC introduced ABC Tile Adhesive and ABC Tile Grout to the construction industry in 1982 to address the specific needs of architects, contractors, developers and homeowners for high quality tile setting and tile grouting materials - Alabang, Muntinlupa City, Cebu City, Cagayan de Oro City and Davao City.
 http://www.abc.ph
 (Added: Mon Dec 06 1999 Hits: 19 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Alpha Rigging & Moving Systems, Inc. 
Alpha Rigging and Moving Systems, Inc. is a new player in the field of industrial transfer, rigging, hauling, engineering, civil works, crating, machinery and equipment moving, installation, repair, maintenance, sales and leasing - Batangas City and Makati City. 
http://www.alpharigging.com.ph
 (Added: Tue Oct 14 2003 Hits: 13 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* ALPS The Bus Incorporated 
A family-owned company, ALPS is one of the largest public utility operators in Batangas committed in providing world class, safe, comfortable and reliable transportation service. From Batangas to the nation's capital, ALPS The Bus Inc., will get you there - Batangas City.
 http://www.alpsbus.com
 (Added: Fri Apr 25 2003 Hits: 46 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Alsons Cement Corporation 
The biggest cement company in Mindanao producing type 1 Portland and Pozzolan cement for the domestic and export market. a fully integrated cement manufacturer. The company's integrated operations cover the manufacturing, transportation and sale of cement and construction related products - main office is in Makati City, plant is in Misamis Oriental, a subsidiary, Calamba Aggregates in Calamba City. 
http://www.alsonscement.com
 (Added: Thu Jul 01 1999 Hits: 18 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Alturas Group of Companies 
The proposed Tangnan Port is an integration project of the Alturas' main stream business of wholesale and retail of general merchandise. On top of the fact that port operations are encouraged by the PPA, the volume of incoming cargoes of Alturas coupled with its vast distribution activities provincewide justifies the need for Alturas to put up its own private pier. Goods will be brought to the different parts of Bohol via sea transport using the company-owned vessel.
 http://www.bohol-island.com/alturas.htm
 (Added: Sun Jan 06 2002 Hits: 118 Rating: 8.00 Votes: 1)   Rate It   Review It 

* Annexus International 
With its global and national affiliations, Annexus International leads the way in helping individuals and companies establish their businesses in the country and move their people to the Philippines. We know that the best way to achieve this is to ensure that each business and relocation need is met appropriately and completely within a most efficient time frame - Legaspi Village, Makati City.
 http://www.annexusinternational.com
 (Added: Mon Apr 28 2003 Hits: 36 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Asian Navigation & Tracking Systems, Inc. 
ANTS is the pioneer in the vehicle tracking industry and has ranked among the leading navigation and tracking company for the past five years. We guarantee a service that ensure the safety and security of the people and cargo inside your vehicles, while creating higher service efficiency and profitability for your company - Pasig City.
 http://ants.ph
 (Added: Mon Apr 23 2001 Hits: 106 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Asian Terminals, Inc. 
The sole container terminal and multi-cargo port operator for the South Harbor, Port of Manila.
 http://www.asianterminals.com.ph
 (Added: Thu Dec 09 1999 Hits: 101 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Bigwoods Transport Company 
Your source for quality American Freightliner and Navistar (IH) trucks in the Philippines - Romualdez St., Ermita, Manila.
 http://www.bigwoodstrucks.com
 (Added: Tue Sep 10 2002 Hits: 94 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* BJ Star Logistics, Inc. 
One of the leaders in freight forwarding industry with the ability to meet the continuing and changing demands of global competition - Cebu City, Paranaque City and Davao City.
 http://www.bjstarlogistics.com
 (Added: Mon Dec 30 2002 Hits: 47 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Capitol Allied Trading and Transport (CATT) 
Capitol Allied Trading and Transport (CAT-GAS) has embarked on the following business concerns: gases - LPG, industrial and medical gases, acetylene etc.; fuels - bulk petroleum; CAT-lubes lube oil; Caltex gasoline stations; food products; hauling and transport - light to heavy cars, vans, trailers, tankers, dump trucks, loose cargo vessels and an LPG carrier and a shipyard - San Fernando, Pampanga (head office).
 http://www.cat-gas.com
 (Added: Tue May 13 2003 Hits: 39 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Cargo Data Exchange Center, Inc. 
A prime mover in providing technological innovations serving the transport and logistics industries, Cargo Data Exchange Center, Inc. (CDEC) pioneers in seamless solutions that enable businesses to utilize Information Technology as a primary business tool. CDEC constantly explores and applies e-commerce for its clients to seize opportunities and markets, making the Philippine transport industry at par with the world's best - Pasig City.
 http://www.cdec.com.ph
 (Added: Thu Apr 11 2002 Hits: 97 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Cargohaus, Inc. 
A leader in the Philippine freight handling and warehousing industry. Our customs-bonded warehouses in Manila and Clark are located within strategic areas of high cargo traffic and growth - Paranaque City and Clark Field, Pampanga.
 http://www.cargohaus.com
 (Added: Thu Aug 01 2002 Hits: 94 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Cebu Ferries 
Shipping passengers and cargoes in the Visayas and Mindanao. Passenger & Cargo Operations: Cagayan, Nasipit, Iligan, Ozamis, Tacloban, Ormoc, Palompon Camiguin, Ilo-ilo, Jagna. Cargo: Cotabato, Davao, General Santos, Dumaguete, Zamboanga. Main office is in Cebu City.
 http://www.cebuferries.com
 (Added: Mon Dec 04 2000 Hits: 127 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Cha/SE - Champions in Service Excellence 
Cha/SE is a customized logistics management solutions provider, which specializes in: warehouse management, transport management, materials sourcing, materials management, import/export processing, distribution center management and other value added services - Ibayo, Paranaque City.
 http://www.chaselogistics.com
 (Added: Mon Sep 23 2002 Hits: 56 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

* Consolidation Plus Freight International Inc. 
A freight forwarding company duly established to provide efficient and reliable forwarding services to both foreign and exporters alike. The corporation boasts of having the experience and expertise in handling shipments needing forwarding assistance and/or other related areas like brokerage, trucking, etc. vital in the early release of cargoes on both sides - Binondo, Manila.
 http://www.consolidationplusfreight.com
 (Added: Mon Dec 30 2002 Hits: 61 Rating: 0.00 Votes: 0)   Rate It   Review It 

  Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 [>>] 	

 	 

• HOME • WHAT'S NEW? • ADD A LINK • MODIFY A LINK • COOL LINKS • TOP RATED • RANDOM LINK • BEST OF CYBERPINOYS • PIC OF THE DAY GALLERY • SEND A CARD! • Forum • TRIBUNG PINOY • MANONG KEN'S CARINDERIA • The Filipino Travel Palace • SEARCH • LOGIN • 	

Please support Tanikalang Ginto by purchasing gift items at
 

View My Guestbook
 Sign My Guestbook
 

Privacy Statement 
&copy Ken Ilio Associates 1994-2004 

Directory Powered By: Links SQL 

Pages Updated On: Sun Jan 25 2004 - 11:51:59
 	
