// put the dynAPI directory into the javascript namespace DynAPIdir = "/include/javascript/dynapi_2.56/src/lib" 
Home 	Grad School Rankings 	Jobs 	Post a Job 	About PhDs.org 	

PhDs.org Science, Math, and Engineering Career Resources

Home	 

Top links: [Most Popular] [Highest Rated] [Newest] 	Find 	
[Add a new link to this page] 	

Career Information (559)	Required Reading (152)	 
Finding Employment (826)	The Big Picture (440)	 
Graduate School (525)	Undergraduate Research (21)	 
Postdocs (367)	 	 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Links are sorted by user ratings, with highest rated links listed first. 
Electron Band Structure In Germanium, My Ass 
An incredibly amusing undergraduate physics lab report.
 
Landing an Academic Job: the Process and the Pitfalls 
Great advice on the application and interview process in academia from Jon Dantzig, the chair of the faculty recruiting committee at UIUC's Mechanical and Industrial Engineering department. (Requires Adobe Acrobat)
 
Professor of Desperation 
"Bad pay, zero job security, no benefits, endless commutes. Is this any way to treat PhDs responsible for teaching a generation of college students?" Sunday Washington Post Magazine, July 21, 2002.
 
A Victory for the Student Researcher: Chou v. University of Chicago 
Duke Law and Technology Review. "For years, graduate and other student researchers at universities have alleged that the hierarchical system in academic research allows supervising PhDs to steal and patent inventions that were rightfully discovered by students. In July 2001, the Federal Circuit finally addressed these concerns by interpreting the law in a way that strictly protects the rights of student researchers. This article examines this long-overdue change in the law and discusses its potential implications."
 
Slaves to Science 
Salon Magazine, Feb. 28, 2000. An outsider's take on the working conditions of postdocs in science.
 
Thinking about Graduate School in Astronomy? Another View. 
A recent astronomy PhD's perspective.
 
Drivers of Discovery: A look at the life and issues of the nations postdoctoral researchers 
Paradigm Magazine, The Whitehead Institute, Nov 25, 2003.
 
Do we need more scientists? 
by Michael S. Teitelbaum, The Public Interest, Fall 2003. "Despite the recent economic downturn, prominent scientific associations, business leaders, and academics continue to predict 'looming shortfalls' in America's science and engineering professions. Countering the prevailing view, Michael S. Teitelbaum reveals that few, if any, shortages exist in these fields and shows why proposed solutions to this illusory problem are profoundly misguided."
 
PhDs.org Graduate School Rankings 
Rank graduate programs according to your criteria. Indicate your priorities and get a ranking of programs built from National Research Council data and based on your specifications. Now covers science, engineering, humanities, and social sciences.
 
The Big Payoff: Educational Attainment and Synthetic Estimates of Work-Life Earnings 
US Census, July, 2002. "This report illustrates the economic value of an education, that is, the added value of a high school diploma or college degree. It explores the relationship between educational attainment and earnings and demonstrates how the relationship has changed over the last 25 years. Additionally, it provides, by level of education, synthetic estimates of average total earnings adults are likely to accumulate over the course of their working lives."
 
The U.S. Science and Engineering Workforce: An Unconventional Portrait 
Michael Teitelbaum's presentation at the 2002 GUIRR Pan-Organizational Summit. "To state the message succinctly: those who are concerned about whether the production of US scientists and engineers is sufficient for national needs must pay serious attention to whether careers in science and engineering are attractive relative to other career opportunities available to US students."
 
Careers and Rewards in Bio Sciences: the disconnect between scientific progress and career progression 
by Richard Freeman, Eric Weinstein, Elizabeth Marincola, Janet Rosenbaum, and Frank Solomon, August, 2001. (Requires Adobe Acrobat)
 
Accomplished Women 
HHMI Bulletin, June 2002. "The climb to the top is not easy, but a new group of women is moving into the upper ranks of science. They urge young faculty to aim high--just brace for the inevitable obstacles."
 
Developing Intellectual Entrepreneurship: For graduate students, communication is a basis for success 
The Scientist, March 5, 2001. "Doctoral programs do not adequately prepare students for the future.... To solve this problem the University of Texas, which produces the largest number of Ph.D.s annually, established a professional development program. Initiated in 1997, the mission of the University of Texas at Austin Intellectual Entrepreneurship Program is to help students realize the value of their expertise, discover their disciplinary identity, and become successful academic professionals." (Requires free registration)
 
The Worst Jobs in Science 
Popular Science, October 2003. "The worst, most torturous, icky, painful, stinky, dangerous, and just plain horrible jobs in science." #10 = postdoc, right after carcass cleaner.
 
Questions To Ask When Thinking About Pursuing a Ph.D. 
Great advice distilled from the participants in Chris Golde's University of Wisconsin study.
 
The Postdoc Crisis 
An overview of postdoc working conditions written by the Yale Graduate Employees and Students Union.
 
Is there a Shortage of Scientists and Engineers? How Would We Know? 
RAND Issue Paper, William P. Butz, Gabrialle A. Bloom, Mihal E. Gross, Terrence K. Kelly, Aaron Kofner, Helga E. Rippen. "This paper's objectives are: * To clarify the concepts of 'shortage' and 'low-production' in the context of scientists and engineers. * To suggest answers to the questions in the paper's title. * To point toward strategies for addressing science and engineering workforce shortages."
 
A Short Circuit for US Engineering Careers 
Terry Costlow, Christian Science Monitor, December 26, 2002. "Dissatisfaction with the field is growing rapidly. Layoffs, the influx of foreign workers, and offshore outsourcing of jobs have caused the pocket-protector set to either leave the profession in large numbers or seek new careers after being laid off. And if that isn't enough to make engineers' neckties curl in Dilbert-style desperation, there's the nature of the work itself. In an era when high-tech gear becomes obsolete almost as fast as dairy products, many in the field feel they must advance at a steady pace or risk being cast aside."
 
"Learning To Be a Citizen-Scholar" 
"Imagine a graduate-education system that begins by asking students to think about what matters to them most and then uses their answers not only to create programs of research, but also exciting and varied career possibilities. We call this approach 'passion plus expertise,' and it is the premise behind the 'intellectual entrepreneurship' program at the University of Texas at Austin."
 
Salary Fights 
An article which examines pay gaps between professional school professors and everyone else
 
Virtual U: The World's First Higher Education Simulation Game 
Run your own university in this SimCity-like computer game (free demo available). "Designed to foster better understanding of management practices in American colleges and universities, Virtual U provides students, teachers, and parents the unique opportunity to step into the decision-making shoes of a university president. 'Players' are responsible for establishing and monitoring all the major components of an institution, including everything from faculty salaries to campus parking. Players can make decisions such as decreasing faculty-teaching time or increasing athletic scholarships. However, as in a real college or university, the complexity and potential effects of each decision must be carefully considered. And the Virtual U Board of Trustees is monitoring every move."
 
Doonesbury: Faculty Hiring at Walden College 
Garry Trudeau's Doonesbury (9/9/96-9/14/96) looks at the faculty hiring process at the fictitious Walden College.
 
Chilly Climate: Addressing the Climate for Women in Academia 
"The ChillyClimate website has been developed by AWIS to serve as a guide for improving the academic environment for women in the sciences."
 
Center for Innovation and Research in Doctoral Education 
The Centers vision of change and advancement encompasses all aspects of graduate education, from financial support, faculty mentoring, time-to-degree, attrition, job placement, etc., to broader issues such as under-representation of students of color and of women in all fields of graduate study, and the special circumstances of international students. Our aim is to build national and international cultural awareness among graduate students and postdoctoral fellows throughout their graduate education.
 
The Ph.D. Careers Project 
The Ph.D. careers project is an investigation of the careers of recent Ph.D. physical science graduates. Our goal is to determine what types of work these scientists obtain, how that work relates to their graduate education, and how satisfied scientists are with their careers. We are using a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods. Using "ethnographic" interviewing techniques, about four dozen Ph.D. scientists have described to us their graduate education, their jobs, and how these fit into their lives. We have used our analysis of these interviews to construct a survey questionnaire that was sent out to over 1100 recent graduates. The qualitative and quantitative data are being analyzed and results are being reported in presentations and publications.
 
The National Postdoctoral Association 
The NPA is an organization of postdoctoral scientists established to provide a voice for postdocs and to tackle the complicated problems facing postdocs.
 
ACS Graduate Education Newsletter, Special Issue on Postdocs 
Fall, 2003. 11 pages of articles on postdocs.
 
The Science and Engineering Workforce: Realizing America's Potential 
A 2003 report from the National Science Board urging the federal government "to deal with the coming shortage of US-born science and engineering professionals."
 
U.S. to sharply cut number of H-1B visas 
September 22, 2003. "The United States is about to cut the number of employment visas it offers to highly qualified foreign workers from 195,000 to 65,000, immigration experts said Monday."
 
The Sigma Xi Postdoc Survey 
Sigma Xi, the Scientific Research Society, is working to coordinate a nation-wide set of postdoc office and association surveys during the 2003-4 academic year. The surveys will investigate salaries and benefits and seeks to shed light on which aspects of the postdoctoral experience that are most strongly associated with positive and productive outcomes. An important aim is to enable institutions to compare their postdoc policies and practices to those of their peers. The survey is being conducted in partnership with the National Postdoctoral Association, Science's Next Wave, and the National Bureau of Economic Research's Science and Engineering Workforce Project.
 
The Ph.D. Process : A Student's Guide to Graduate School in the Sciences 
by Dale F. Bloom, Jonathan D. Karp, Nicholas Cohen. "Drawing upon the insights of numerous current and former graduate students, this book presents a rich portrayal of the intellectual and emotional challenges inherent in becoming a scientist, and offers the informed, practical advice a 'best friend' would give about each stage of the graduate school experience." $13.56 from Amazon.com
 
So What Are You Going to Do With That?: A Guide for M.A.'s and Ph.D's Seeking Careers Outside the Academy 
by Maggie Debelius and Susan Elizabeth Basalla. $10.40 from Amazon.com. See the review on CNN.
 
Best Colleges	 Online Degree Programs	 

Please send suggestions and report problems to 	 	
Copyright © PhDs.org, 1998-2002. All rights reserved. 

Home 	Grad School Rankings 	Jobs 	Post a Job 	About PhDs.org 	

