Find events happening in your community. Enter a zip code here: Don't Know the ZIP CODE? Click Here to find by State Learn to recognize a heart attack and act quickly when you notice the warning signs. Call 9-1-1 immediately if you experience symptoms! learn more... Understand your treatment options for high blood pressure, heart failure, coronary artery disease, cholesterol or atrial fibrillation. Create a customized report with questions to ask your doctor. learn more... Privacy Statement | Use of Personal Information | Copyright ©2004 American Heart Association, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited.   -->                                                                                 
         
                
             	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  
         
    

American Heart Association

 

Go Red &#8211; for your heart, your family, your life&#8230; Your heart tells you when you&#8217;re in love, hurt or afraid &#8211; but it may not let you know you have heart disease. The American Heart Association wants women to pay more attention to their hearts all the time. The Go Red For Women campaign encourages women to take charge of their health to live longer, stronger lives. more

 	 	

Heart disease goes beyond the heart: Annual statistics update reports on broad spectrum of cardiovascular diseases 

New stats show heart disease still America's No. 1 killer, stroke No. 3 

American Heart Association 2003 year-end report: Top 10 advances for 2003 

New science-based plan helps schools prepare for medical emergencies 

Submit your research application electronically for January deadlines          	

Deborah's Story Deborah Daw Heffernan spreads the word about the threat heart disease poses to women. more

Mark Your Calendar The 29th International Stroke Conference will be held February 5-7, 2004, in San Diego, California. more 

Jump Rope For Heart This program has been teaching kids the value of physical activity and being heart-healthy for 25 years. more

 	 	

 	 

 

Find events happening in your community.

Enter a zip code here:
 

Don't Know the ZIP CODE?
 Click Here to find by State 	 		

Learn to recognize a heart attack and act quickly when you notice the warning signs. Call 9-1-1 immediately if you experience symptoms!
 learn more... 			

Understand your treatment options for high blood pressure, heart failure, coronary artery disease, cholesterol or atrial fibrillation. Create a customized report with questions to ask your doctor.
 learn more... 			

Privacy Statement | Use of Personal Information | Copyright
©2004 American Heart Association, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited.	 

