zSeries 900 Setting the standard for managing mission-critical, e-business workloads zSeries 800 and zSeries for Linux zSeries capabilities for a broad range of enterprises S/390 ( G5/G6 , Multiprise ) Manageable, secure and powerful   Operating systems   z/OS   z/OS.e   z/VM   VSE/ESA   Linux on IBM mainframe servers   TPF   Hot technologies e-business On Demand Autonomic computing Parallel Sysplex Intelligent Resource Director (IRD) Workload Manager HiperSockets Grid computing   Solutions Integrated Platform for e-business for zSeries : designed to enable easy and rapid deployment of on demand solutions on the zSeries mainframe, the new release adds key components for expanding portal usage across bank branch networks Visit the new IBM Solutions Connection , where you can easily find the right solution for your business need. Search by business need or peruse zSeries solutions .   News New release announced for IBM eServer Integrated Platform for e-business on zSeries January 2004 edition of " Magazine: Mainframe edition " is now available. Read the cover story about Managing Workloads in z/OS , and more IBM plans security certification for z/OS Read how banks can reduce costs while supporting integrated operations for multi-channel banking with zSeries, Linux and multi-channel software from Eontec IBM Implements an Innovative Solution to Support Growth at ING Register today for a special RedMonk report that describes IBM's mainframe tools strategy and how it can help you reduce cost while increasing capacity First IBM "T-Rex" Mainframe Customer Is Farmer's Insurance Group More news Special migration offer END MIGRATION OFFERING CALLOUT --> Announcing Is your OS current? central Announcing New IBM 2074 Model 3 Console Support Controller - Space saving controller supports rapid growth and high availability. Special CD Offer Get your CD-ROM today! Printing solutions Learn more z/OS Now! presentation Play presentation (1.4 MB) Requires the flash plugin , or view the HTML version COMMENTED OUT END z/OS Now CALLOUT --> Total cost of ownership Get your TCOnow! Online assessment! COMMENTED OUT END TCO NOW CALLOUT --> New IRD overview COMMENTED OUT END IRD Overview CALLOUT --> About IBM | Privacy | Terms of use | Contact   --> 

 	    Home  |  Products & services  |  Support & downloads  |  My account	 

 Select a country	 
 	 
Mainframe servers 
About zSeries	 
Software	 
Software pricing	 
Operating systems	 
Networking	 
I/O connectivity	 
Security	 
Solutions	 
Success stories	 
Events	 
FAQs	 
Support	 
Education	 
Literature	 
Press	 
 	 	 
Related links:	 

Resources for business partners	 

Resources for developers	 

ShopzSeries	 

ISV software support	 

IBM Training	 

IBM Design Centers	 

Enterprise Connection teleconferences	 
  	

Servers  >  	 

Mainframe servers (zSeries) 	

Throughout October 2003, IBM will continue to deliver on the goals of the Mainframe Charter by bringing to the marketplace new z990 models and features. Together with the company's BladeCenter systems, IBM plans to deliver new zSeries-based solutions that can take your enterprise beyond basic server consolidation into an era of dramatically simplified IT infrastructures. 
 	 Learn more	 

Recent announcements IBM expanded its mainframe strategy with the Mainframe Charter, as well as a comprehensive set of pricing initiatives designed to lower costs, and encourage customer migration to on demand. 
 	 Learn more	 
IBM announced that the full-feature cryptography on the new IBM eServer™ zSeries® 990 will be available one month ahead of schedule. 
 	 Learn more	 
In support of an on demand operating environment, IBM is now offering Entry Workload License Charges (EWLC) for z800 customers. 
 	 Learn more	 
IBM announced the dates for end of service of OS/390, and its new release of the IBM eServer Integrated Platform for e-business on zSeries. 
 	 Learn more	 

  Mainframe servers	 

zSeries 990 World's most sophisticated enterprise server: designed to integrate your business	 

zSeries 900 Setting the standard for managing mission-critical, e-business workloads	 

zSeries 800and zSeries for Linux zSeries capabilities for a broad range of enterprises	 

S/390 (G5/G6, Multiprise) Manageable, secure and powerful	 

  Operating systems	 

 	 z/OS	 
 	 z/OS.e	 
 	 z/VM	 
 	 VSE/ESA	 
 	 Linux on IBM mainframe servers	 
 	 TPF	 

  Hot technologies	 

e-business On Demand	 

Autonomic computing	 

Parallel Sysplex	 

Intelligent Resource Director (IRD)	 

Workload Manager	 

HiperSockets	 

Grid computing	 

  Solutions	 

Integrated Platform for e-business for zSeries: designed to enable easy and rapid deployment of on demand solutions on the zSeries mainframe, the new release adds key components for expanding portal usage across bank branch networks	 

Visit the new IBM Solutions Connection, where you can easily find the right solution for your business need. Search by business need or peruse zSeries solutions.	 

  News	 

New release announced for IBM eServer Integrated Platform for e-business on zSeries	 

January 2004 edition of " Magazine: Mainframe edition" is now available. Read the cover story about Managing Workloads in z/OS, and more	 

IBM plans security certification for z/OS 	

Read how banks can reduce costs while supporting integrated operations for multi-channel banking with zSeries, Linux and multi-channel software from Eontec 	

IBM Implements an Innovative Solution to Support Growth at ING 	

Register today for a special RedMonk report that describes IBM's mainframe tools strategy and how it can help you reduce cost while increasing capacity	 

First IBM "T-Rex" Mainframe Customer Is Farmer's Insurance Group	  
 	  
 	More news	  

 Announcing	 

  Is your OS current?	  

  central	 

Announcing	
 

New IBM 2074 Model 3 Console Support Controller - Space saving controller supports rapid growth and high availability.	 

  Special CD Offer	  

Get your CD-ROM today!   	   
 	

  Printing solutions	 

Learn more	 

  About IBM   |   Privacy   |   Terms of use   |   Contact 	
