Learn about the AMC and our work in conservation, education, and recreation. Lodging Availability . Hiker Shuttle . AMC Outdoor Adventures and Workshops . AMC Email Alert . Conservation Action Network . AMC in the News . Press Releases . International Dinner Series . Complete list . AMC Chapter Sites Berkshire Boston Connecticut Delaware Valley Maine Mohawk Hudson Narragansett New Hampshire NY-North Jersey SE Massachusetts Washington DC Worcester Delaware Valley Check out all the activities scheduled with the Delaware Valley Chapter. Narragansett See what makes our Narragansett (R.I.) Chapter so special. Visit their Website today. SE Massachusetts Learn more about this chapter and its activities. Maine Volunteers are needed to help revise the Maine Mountain Guide . about us | contact us | search | site map Contents copyright © 1997-2004 The Appalachian Mountain Club   --> 

 	 

 	 

Hiking from Zealand Hut in New Hampshire Â— one of the many images submitted
for our 2003 Web Photo Contest
 Photo: Thomas Szilagyi
 	

 	 

Teen Wilderness Adventures
 Time to Sign the Kids Up for Summer! 
Teen Wilderness Adventures provide an exciting summer for teens, and now weÂ’ve expanded the program to our Mohican Outdoor Center, N.J. Learn more and sign up today!

Annual Meeting
 Summit 2004, the AMCÂ’s Annual Meeting, set for Jan. 31
 This yearÂ’s meeting promises to be a good time! Register to attend today!

AMC in the News
 AMC Author Appears on TV
 The human impacts of Mount Washington's extreme weather were discussed with Nicholas Howe, author of the AMC book, Not Without Peril, on ABC World News Tonight, Jan. 17.

Leave No Trace
 New Courses Scheduled in the Northeast
 Check out the new Master Educator Courses starting in May. Register early for Leave No Trace.

Outdoor Photography
 Photo Contest Open for Voting
 Vote for your favorites in each category before Feb. 16.

Conservation
 AMC Launches Maine Woods Initiative
 The AMC has kicked off its largest conservation and recreation effort in its 127-year history!

About the AMC
 AMC Earns Charity Award
 For the second year in a row, the AMC has received a four-star rating from Charity Navigator, America's largest independent evaluator of charities.

Conservation
 Halfway to Highlands!
 The House has approved the Highlands Conservation Act, authorizing $100 million in federal matching funds, but the bill must still pass in the Senate. Your letter of support could make the difference!

Activities
 Vacation With Us Up North
 Need a vacation destination this February? We have great activities Â— for you and the whole family Â— at the Highland Center, Pinkham Notch, and Cardigan lodges. Check availability at these locations and book your spot today!

Learn about the AMC and our work in conservation, education, and recreation. 

Lodging Availability.	 

Hiker Shuttle.	 

AMC Outdoor Adventures and Workshops.	 

AMC Email Alert.	 

Conservation Action Network.	 

AMC in the News.	 

Press Releases.	 

International Dinner Series.	 

Complete list.	 

AMC Chapter Sites
 
Berkshire
 
Boston
 
Connecticut
 
Delaware Valley
 
Maine
 
Mohawk Hudson
 
Narragansett
 
New Hampshire
 
NY-North Jersey
 
SE Massachusetts
 
Washington DC
 
Worcester
 

Delaware Valley
 Check out all the activities scheduled with the Delaware Valley Chapter.
 
Narragansett
 See what makes our Narragansett (R.I.) Chapter so special. Visit their Website today.
 
SE Massachusetts
 Learn more about this chapter and its activities.
 
Maine
 Volunteers are needed to help revise the Maine Mountain Guide.
 

about us | contact us | search | site map
 Contents copyright © 1997-2004 The Appalachian Mountain Club 

