This is my private homepage to show things belonging to me, especially pictures that I've taken by a digital camera in my daily life. sambo Johan Arvelius was a mountain lodge host of STF(svenska turist förening, swedish tourist association). --> The picture above was taken in Tarfala in the summer 2003. My sambo Johan Arvelius had been a mountain hut host of STF(svenska turist förening, swedish tourist association) again. Notation In Swedish, there are several unique alphabets existing and I'd like to use those alphabets in the text. The corresponding descriptions in English are: å=aa, ä=ae, ö=oe . Contents Life: Skating on the Sautusjärvi New Skating, skating! Anyway we had a skating "premiär" today. Nature: Tarfala (STF mountain hut) New --> Tarfala in 2003 Johan had been the host of STF mountain hut in Tarfala this summer/fall. We've been there 15/8 - 15/9 officially, but we started walking toward Tarfala on 11/8 from Sitasjaure through Hukejaure, Singi, and Kebnekaise. This was the second time for me to stay and live in mountains, but it was totally different environment compared to the previous one (Previously we had been in Vistas). One of the highest locations in Sweden, Rocky, and Glacier. Nature: Lofoten New --> Lofoten We've visited Lofoten with Karin, Johan's cousin, when she has been in Tromsö and she has been free for 3 days. In Gravdal in Lofoten, about 50km west-southwest from Svolvär, Karin's friend has been there during the summer season. From Narvik people can take a boat to Svolvär. Lofoten has many islands, both small and big, coupled each other with many bridges, at several parts underground(undersea) tunnels, and boat trafic. And you can enjoy a kind of fjord geography there. Nature: Skiing/Ski-Trekking This "Easter" holiday, the first Sunday just after the fullmoon(2002- 03-28) which is coming the latest after the vernal equinox(2002-03-20), was seemed somehow spring for me. Anyway we've been on the skituring during this holyday. --> Nature: Last Skitour at Vassitjohkka New --> Vassi 2003 We've luckly had another, maybe last in this season, skitour at Vassitjohkka on 1 - 3/5. Vassitjohkka lies in the east of Riksgränsen and this mountain is very popular for "offpist" skiers, both of slalom and telemark. The snow condition has been very good even if we've had nice weather and sunshine almost all days, powder snow with a couple of tens cm over hard snow. We've done skitour of all tops. Vassitjohkka has three tops, the lowest, 1361m, lies at northwest edge, the middle with 1491m at the middle, and the highest, 1590m, lies at southeast edge. Nature: Easter Skitour New --> Easter 2003 Anna and Göran, Johan's friends when they were studying together in Lund, came up to Kiruna in the Easter holidays to do skitour with us in the area near the border to Norway. It has been so warm that snow condition was wet and soft, but skitour itself at this time was very nice. Anyway, this tour was one of my future-planned skitours, so that I was so satisfied with this skitour (18/04 - 22/04, 2003). Nature: Skiing at Teusajaure New --> Teusajaure Johan, Karin (Johan's cousine), and I have been in Teusajaure during 11/4 - 14/4 for moutain telemark skiing. Soon I'll show the documentary pictures of our ski tour. Weekend short skiing Fredrik, Johan, and I went short skiing on last weekend, 22/3 on Saturday we went to an old mine ruin and 23/3 on Sunday we did to the area close to Nikkaluokta. Short skitouring We've been in the mountain, with large area including Abisko national park, Kårsavagge, Låktatjåkka and Björkliden during the last weekend (23-24/03, 2002). It was a "pre-Easter" short ski-trekking. And by a coincidence, it was also the first day of this spring season for Kårsavagge's mountain cabin. But my digital camera didn't function well... Only the first day of our trip which I could take several pieces of pictures. Easter skitouring We started our skituring from Abisko Östra(East) toward the opposite side of the Lake Torne. And along the shore we've been skiing to the northwest direction. Then we went up to the mountain and did "toptur"s. At the last day we've been skiing almost along the west shore of the lake and went up to the "Rollarvägen(Railroad way)" toward Björkliden. Spring in Abisko Spring has come... Even if people says that it's not spring, but for me, I've really felt the ambient of spring in Abisko. The mountains are still covered with snow and we've had new snow falling on the last Saturday, but it's totally different from the scenery of winter. May Ski-tour This was the last ski-tour in this season. We(Johan, Johan's cousin Karin and I) have skied starting from Abisko and ending up to Låktajåkka. The snow condition was quite well especially on the higher places, even in Låktajåkka the snow was wet but people could smoothly ski down the hills. Nature: "Vandring" (Trekking) 2002 Trekking This summer we've been in 2-week trekking from Björnfjäll in Norway to Vakkotavaara in Swedish side. Totally we've walked around 140km. And on this trekking, we've stayed both Swedish and Norwegian moutain cottages. They are Hunddalshytta(1,N), Unna Allakas(2,S), Cunojaure(3,N), Chainavaggi(4-5,N), Gautelis(6,N), Hukejaure(7,S), Singi(8,S), Kaitumjaure(9-10,S), Teusajaure(11-12,S). Kårsavagge I've been in the mountain around Abisko, about 100km northwest from Kiruna, Sweden during the last weekend (1-2/9,2001) with Johan Arvelius. We've visited his father, who has been moutain cottage's host during 15/8 - 10/9 at Kårsavagge, 14 km from Abisko Turistation. Under the ways, both back and forth between Abisko and Kårsavagge, we've found that it has already been autumn! Here I'd like to show pictures that I've taken on the ways. Katterat(only Swedish) Previously we made another trekking from Katterat to Kårsavagge. Go and see Johan's homepage. Björkliden We, Fredrik, Johan and I, went to Björkliden last Sunday (9/9,2001) to do trekking starting from Björkliden, along the "Tornehamn" (Torneport), going up to the mountain and taking the trail leading to Björkliden. It was not so good weather, but, at least for me, it was the first time to visit the area around Tornehamn, including small church related with "Svarta Björn"(Black Bear). Vadvetjåkka It was exactly the time for trekking last weekend (15-16/9,2001). We, Hans, Emma & Micce, Johan and I, have been in the region near Vadvetjåkka National Park during the last weekend. Vadvetjåkka lies close to the stateboundary of Norway. We started our trekking from Låktatjåkka railway station, going through the area called "Koppagruva" and northward as the first part of our trekking. Before reaching the national park, we took the eastward small trail along the river which is at last running into the Torne Lake. On sunday, we started from the riverside toward the bigger well-marked trail connected to the E10 on the end, around Tornehamn. Culture: Folkdans Folkdans I am a member of "Kiruna Folkdanslag", whose activities are to know and practice the Swedish traditional dances, with many variations for each province. I've not been fully prepared for this topics yet, but to know about Swedish traditional dances themselve are very fascinating. I'll plan soon to make a thread for this thing. Life: My Life in Sweden Life: Summer in 2003 New --> Summer in 2003 This summer we've had three different types of holidays. We've spent time in Borlänge, Johan's hometown, in Sappro, Hokkaido in Japan, and we visited the Ice Artcenter in Jukkasjärvi. Life: IRF PVK personalresa i Tromsö, Norge New --> Tromsö i 17/05 We've had a fine excursion to Tromsö in Norway with IRF colleagues on 16-18/05 when we've expected to experience Norwegian biggest celebration (or festival) of the National day. Life: Summer Holidays in Sweden --> Kiruna: fall in 2002 This year we've already had snow in Kiruna. These following pictures were taken on last Saturday and today (Sunday), 19 and 20/10. Holiday: Summer in 2002 I think Swedish people regard the day of summer solstice as special. Johan and I went to Borlänge to celebrate this day with his family. And this time we've had a 2 week summar holiday in Borlänge. Life: "Jul" (Christmas) Christmas and New-Year in Borlänge I've been in Borlänge, where Johan's parents are living, during the Christmas holiday. This was my first, real Swedish Christmas for me. I'm so grateful to Johan's parents, Sonja mamma and Anders pappa for giving me a wonderful time. GodJul Now we've been in the winterland, with pure white snow, polar night and arctic coldness. But these're also funs to me! I tried to take pictures of Kiruna in the X'mas season. Due to special mode for digital camera, "slow synchronous", actually needed to use triple, these pictures don't have good sharpness, but I'll be glad if you feel the atmosphere during this season in Kiruna. Misc Ice concert We have been in Ice Hotel at Jukkasjärvi for listening the music whose sound was created by "ice instruments". It was so interesting time to be there and experience an unique concert. Nice, 2002 It was one year ago... I took many pictures of Nice, France, where locates facing to the Mediterranean sea and in the line of south french resorts. But it was during the conference, so I was not in deed on holidays. Nobel Receptions Thanks to my supervisor, Prof. Ingrid Sandahl, I've gotten a chance to attend a reception by Kungliga Vetenskapsakademien (The Royal Swedish Academy of Science) and the Nobel Prize Award Ceremony. I've really experienced a great time with these events. 1. Nice, 2002 (updated) 2. Our New Rooms! --> This is miscellaneous collection page which is just for fun. So far I would like to display my quite private pictures, taken by Fuji/FinePix 2500Z (digital camera) . IRF(and my office) , Friends/Colleagues (Uunder Construction) and Favourites Our New Rooms! As to my major, I'm a Ph.D student at IRF and studying space plasma physics having connection with Auroras . In the future, at this site, I'd like to make my research pages including auroras' things. But at present, I'd like introduce my visitors about 2 sites on auroras. One is the Science news from NASA about why the autumn is a good season for watching aurora and the other one is Aurora Gallery . About Japan This is a link to the japanese magazine published by Hiebon-sha Ltd. , called NIPPONIA . There is a Japanese shop in Stockholm. The shop called Sun-Ai deals with books, foods and general things. The homepage is served both by Swedish and English. And you can check Sushi topics on that site. Learning Japanese!!! If you'd like to, if a little bit, learn Japanese, the Japan Broadcasting Corporation (NHK) offers the chance to learn Japanese via "Radio JAPAN". Check it out! RJ Online --> Last modified on Sunday, 26 October, 2003 Sachiko Joko Box 812 981 28 Kiruna SWEDEN TEL: +46-980-79011 FAX: +46-980-79050   --> 

Welcome to Sachiko's Homepage 

Japanese 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
This is my private homepage to show things belonging to me, especially pictures that I've taken by a digital camera in my daily life.

The picture above was taken in Tarfala in the summer 2003. My sambo Johan Arvelius had been a mountain hut host of STF(svenska turist förening, swedish tourist association) again.

Notation In Swedish, there are several unique alphabets existing and I'd like to use those alphabets in the text. The corresponding descriptions in English are: å=aa, ä=ae, ö=oe. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Contents

* Life: Skating on the Sautusjärvi

New Skating, skating! Anyway we had a skating "premiär" today.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Nature: Tarfala (STF mountain hut)

Tarfala in 2003 Johan had been the host of STF mountain hut in Tarfala this summer/fall. We've been there 15/8 - 15/9 officially, but we started walking toward Tarfala on 11/8 from Sitasjaure through Hukejaure, Singi, and Kebnekaise. This was the second time for me to stay and live in mountains, but it was totally different environment compared to the previous one (Previously we had been in Vistas). One of the highest locations in Sweden, Rocky, and Glacier.

* Nature: Lofoten

Lofoten We've visited Lofoten with Karin, Johan's cousin, when she has been in Tromsö and she has been free for 3 days. In Gravdal in Lofoten, about 50km west-southwest from Svolvär, Karin's friend has been there during the summer season. From Narvik people can take a boat to Svolvär. Lofoten has many islands, both small and big, coupled each other with many bridges, at several parts underground(undersea) tunnels, and boat trafic. And you can enjoy a kind of fjord geography there.

* Nature: Skiing/Ski-Trekking

Vassi 2003 We've luckly had another, maybe last in this season, skitour at Vassitjohkka on 1 - 3/5. Vassitjohkka lies in the east of Riksgränsen and this mountain is very popular for "offpist" skiers, both of slalom and telemark. The snow condition has been very good even if we've had nice weather and sunshine almost all days, powder snow with a couple of tens cm over hard snow. We've done skitour of all tops. Vassitjohkka has three tops, the lowest, 1361m, lies at northwest edge, the middle with 1491m at the middle, and the highest, 1590m, lies at southeast edge.

Easter 2003 Anna and Göran, Johan's friends when they were studying together in Lund, came up to Kiruna in the Easter holidays to do skitour with us in the area near the border to Norway. It has been so warm that snow condition was wet and soft, but skitour itself at this time was very nice. Anyway, this tour was one of my future-planned skitours, so that I was so satisfied with this skitour (18/04 - 22/04, 2003).

Teusajaure Johan, Karin (Johan's cousine), and I have been in Teusajaure during 11/4 - 14/4 for moutain telemark skiing. Soon I'll show the documentary pictures of our ski tour. 

Weekend short skiing Fredrik, Johan, and I went short skiing on last weekend, 22/3 on Saturday we went to an old mine ruin and 23/3 on Sunday we did to the area close to Nikkaluokta.

Short skitouring We've been in the mountain, with large area including Abisko national park, Kårsavagge, Låktatjåkka and Björkliden during the last weekend (23-24/03, 2002). It was a "pre-Easter" short ski-trekking. And by a coincidence, it was also the first day of this spring season for Kårsavagge's mountain cabin. But my digital camera didn't function well... Only the first day of our trip which I could take several pieces of pictures. 

Easter skitouring We started our skituring from Abisko Östra(East) toward the opposite side of the Lake Torne. And along the shore we've been skiing to the northwest direction. Then we went up to the mountain and did "toptur"s. At the last day we've been skiing almost along the west shore of the lake and went up to the "Rollarvägen(Railroad way)" toward Björkliden.

Spring in Abisko Spring has come... Even if people says that it's not spring, but for me, I've really felt the ambient of spring in Abisko. The mountains are still covered with snow and we've had new snow falling on the last Saturday, but it's totally different from the scenery of winter.

May Ski-tour This was the last ski-tour in this season. We(Johan, Johan's cousin Karin and I) have skied starting from Abisko and ending up to Låktajåkka. The snow condition was quite well especially on the higher places, even in Låktajåkka the snow was wet but people could smoothly ski down the hills.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Nature: "Vandring" (Trekking)

2002 Trekking This summer we've been in 2-week trekking from Björnfjäll in Norway to Vakkotavaara in Swedish side. Totally we've walked around 140km. And on this trekking, we've stayed both Swedish and Norwegian moutain cottages. They are Hunddalshytta(1,N), Unna Allakas(2,S), Cunojaure(3,N), Chainavaggi(4-5,N), Gautelis(6,N), Hukejaure(7,S), Singi(8,S), Kaitumjaure(9-10,S), Teusajaure(11-12,S).

Kårsavagge I've been in the mountain around Abisko, about 100km northwest from Kiruna, Sweden during the last weekend (1-2/9,2001) with Johan Arvelius. We've visited his father, who has been moutain cottage's host during 15/8 - 10/9 at Kårsavagge, 14 km from Abisko Turistation. Under the ways, both back and forth between Abisko and Kårsavagge, we've found that it has already been autumn! Here I'd like to show pictures that I've taken on the ways.

Katterat(only Swedish) Previously we made another trekking from Katterat to Kårsavagge. Go and see Johan's homepage.

Björkliden We, Fredrik, Johan and I, went to Björkliden last Sunday (9/9,2001) to do trekking starting from Björkliden, along the "Tornehamn" (Torneport), going up to the mountain and taking the trail leading to Björkliden. It was not so good weather, but, at least for me, it was the first time to visit the area around Tornehamn, including small church related with "Svarta Björn"(Black Bear).

Vadvetjåkka It was exactly the time for trekking last weekend (15-16/9,2001). We, Hans, Emma & Micce, Johan and I, have been in the region near Vadvetjåkka National Park during the last weekend. Vadvetjåkka lies close to the stateboundary of Norway. We started our trekking from Låktatjåkka railway station, going through the area called "Koppagruva" and northward as the first part of our trekking. Before reaching the national park, we took the eastward small trail along the river which is at last running into the Torne Lake. On sunday, we started from the riverside toward the bigger well-marked trail connected to the E10 on the end, around Tornehamn.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Culture: Folkdans

Folkdans I am a member of "Kiruna Folkdanslag", whose activities are to know and practice the Swedish traditional dances, with many variations for each province. I've not been fully prepared for this topics yet, but to know about Swedish traditional dances themselve are very fascinating. I'll plan soon to make a thread for this thing.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Life: My Life in Sweden

Summer in 2003 This summer we've had three different types of holidays. We've spent time in Borlänge, Johan's hometown, in Sappro, Hokkaido in Japan, and we visited the Ice Artcenter in Jukkasjärvi.

Tromsö i 17/05 We've had a fine excursion to Tromsö in Norway with IRF colleagues on 16-18/05 when we've expected to experience Norwegian biggest celebration (or festival) of the National day.

Kiruna: fall in 2002 This year we've already had snow in Kiruna. These following pictures were taken on last Saturday and today (Sunday), 19 and 20/10.

Holiday: Summer in 2002 I think Swedish people regard the day of summer solstice as special. Johan and I went to Borlänge to celebrate this day with his family. And this time we've had a 2 week summar holiday in Borlänge.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Life: "Jul" (Christmas)

Christmas and New-Year in Borlänge I've been in Borlänge, where Johan's parents are living, during the Christmas holiday. This was my first, real Swedish Christmas for me. I'm so grateful to Johan's parents, Sonja mamma and Anders pappa for giving me a wonderful time.

GodJul Now we've been in the winterland, with pure white snow, polar night and arctic coldness. But these're also funs to me! I tried to take pictures of Kiruna in the X'mas season. Due to special mode for digital camera, "slow synchronous", actually needed to use triple, these pictures don't have good sharpness, but I'll be glad if you feel the atmosphere during this season in Kiruna.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Misc

Ice concert We have been in Ice Hotel at Jukkasjärvi for listening the music whose sound was created by "ice instruments". It was so interesting time to be there and experience an unique concert.

Nice, 2002 It was one year ago... I took many pictures of Nice, France, where locates facing to the Mediterranean sea and in the line of south french resorts. But it was during the conference, so I was not in deed on holidays.

Nobel Receptions Thanks to my supervisor, Prof. Ingrid Sandahl, I've gotten a chance to attend a reception by Kungliga Vetenskapsakademien (The Royal Swedish Academy of Science) and the Nobel Prize Award Ceremony. I've really experienced a great time with these events.

This is miscellaneous collection page which is just for fun. So far I would like to display my quite private pictures, taken by Fuji/FinePix 2500Z (digital camera). IRF(and my office), Friends/Colleagues (Uunder Construction) and Favourites

Our New Rooms!

As to my major, I'm a Ph.D student at IRF and studying space plasma physics having connection with Auroras . In the future, at this site, I'd like to make my research pages including auroras' things. But at present, I'd like introduce my visitors about 2 sites on auroras. One is the Science news from NASA about why the autumn is a good season for watching aurora and the other one is Aurora Gallery. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Last modified on Sunday, 26 October, 2003

Sachiko Joko
Box 812
981 28 Kiruna
SWEDEN
TEL: +46-980-79011
FAX: +46-980-79050
 
