

Search Site

Local Search
Enter Your ZIP

 	
 		

American Lung Association Calls on Governors and Legislatures To Stand Up for Public Health: Report Card Shows Many States Failing To Protect the Public with Proven Tobacco Policies. 

From Maine to California--data show policies can dramatically reduce the toll of tobacco for future generations. 

While there were bright spots in 2003, the American Lung Association State of Tobacco Control: 2003 report card clearly shows that most states are not taking the necessary measures to protect children and adults from the deadly effects of tobacco smoke. The American Lung Association looked at laws on smoking in the workplace, cigarette taxes, youth access to tobacco and funding of smoking prevention programs. Sadly, most states failed to make the grade, and the fact remains that more than 440,000 people die from tobacco-related illnesses each year. 

Full Story

American Lung Association Calls on Governors and Legislatures To Stand Up for Public Health: Report Card Shows Many States Failing To Protect the Public with Proven Tobacco Policies January 2004
 
TAKE ACTION!: Tell Your Governor To Support Strong Tobacco Control Legislation! January 2004
 
Introducing: Small and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Treatment Option Tools for Professionals January 2004
 
Volunteer of the Week: Larry Hanneman -- from the American Lung Association of Ohio January 2004
 
Former Surgeon General C. Everett Koop Commemorates 40th Anniversary of the First Report on Smoking and Health with American Lung Association PSA December 2003
 
"Research is central to our mission" - John L. Kirkwood, President & CEO of the American Lung Association December 2003
 
Consider a Year-End Gift to the American Lung Association! December 2003
 
Influenza 2003-2004: January 6th Update January 2003
 
Annual Report 2003 Lung Champions Our First 100 Years November 2003
 
COPD: A Leading Cause of Death in U.S. Remains Under Treated and Under Diagnosed November 2003
 
The perfect gift for the golfer in your life... Order a Golf Privilege Card&reg Fall 2003
 

  January 25, 2004

What is Sarcoidosis? 

Answer:
 Sarcoidosis is a disease in which abnormal collections of inflammatory cells, granulomas, form in organs of the body. The disease can attack any organ of the body in any location, but sarcoidosis is most frequently found in the lungs. The cause of Sarcoidosis is unknown. Click here for more information. 

Ask ALA your own question here. 

American Lung Association of Central Coast, CA

Welcome to the ALA of Central Coast, CA!
Fighting Big Tobacco, Bad Air, and the Asthma Epidemic

The American Lung Association of Central Coast, CA sponsors lung health programs and special events throughout the year to raise money for the fight against lung disease. Contact our office at (800) LUNG-USA for dates and volunteer opportunities.

Help us fight lung disease, your donation can help America breathe easier.

Full Story
 	 

This is what's happening at the American Lung Association of Central Coast, CA. If you want to find out what's going on in your area, type in your zip code below or join our site here and have the events and programs in your neighborhood appear on the homepage every time you visit this site.

If you live in an area more than 3,500 feet above sea level, moving to a lower altitude may lead to easier breathing. 		

 
The mission of the American Lung Association is to prevent lung disease and promote lung health.  
 
Store | Donate | History | Links | Treatment Options | Site Index | Contact
Asthma | Tobacco Control | Air Quality | Diseases A to Z | Occupational Health | School Programs
Programs & Events | Wall of Remembrance | Living With Lung Disease | Data & Statistics | Research
 Advocacy | Volunteer | Jobs | Press Center | Ask ALA | Publications | Espanol 

The information contained in this American Lung Association&reg web site is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment, and the American Lung Association recommends consultation with your doctor or health care professional. 

© 2003 American Lung Association&reg. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 

