

  	 	

 Home   News   Solutions   Company   Contact   Downloads   Careers 	 

 	 	

 	 

News Headlines

Partnership with HP!
Diginext is proud to announce a partnership with HP through its Developer & Solution Partner Program. Read more...

Yet another service available (EZ SMTP)
Increase ARPU by using EZ SMTP. This allows Mobile Operators and Service Providers to offer the possibility of sending e-mail via Wireless Services. Read more...

Quality of Service (QoS)
Diginext has added support for QoS in its Internet Connection Suite for Wireless, enabling Mobile Operators to offer different levels of GPRS and HsCSD services. 
Read more...

GPRS Software online!
A full version of our Internet Connection Suite for GPRS is available online! It supports Win, Palm, Pocket PC and Phone edition with settings of many operators and is only 1 MB. Visit our software site!...
 
Support for many countries and languages...
Diginext is proud to announce that from now on, our Internet Connection Suite will be available in many different languages, such as; Dutch, English, French, German, Portuguese, Spanish and Turkish. Read more...

Diginext has delivered its CD and Web-based GPRS solution (Windows, Pocket PC, Palm OS and xda) to O2 Netherlands.	 

Try the Internet Connection Suite now and experience how easy configuring for GPRS, HsCSD and 3G can be! Order your free copy now...	 

Welcome

Diginext helps its customers to rapidly create and deploy a multitude of Internet services that allow them to stay ahead of changing market demands and take full advantage of new and emerging market opportunities while reducing overall operating cost and increasing revenue.

Our ambition is to be one of the major players "World wide" delivering software integration to IP based service providers. Diginext is currently one of the leading providers of integrated solutions to create and leverage business on the Internet for existing and emerging next generation companies in Western Europe. We focus on Service Providers offering IP services, including traditional and competitive telecommunication carriers, mobile, DSL, Cable, ASP, Content, and next generation Service providers.

SUBSCRIBE:

Enter your e-mailaddress below to stay up to date!

E-mail:	 	
 	 	

CUSTOMER LOGIN:

Login:	 	
Password:	 	
 	 	

© 2002 Diginext BV. Design by Nettics BV. All rights reserved.    	
 

