
 	 
sun.com	 How To Buy  |  My Sun  |  Worldwide Sites	         	 	  	 		
 	 

 	 	 	 	
  Home > Products & Services > Software > Desktop > GNOME 2.0 Desktop for the Solaris Operating Environment 
  
Product Home	 
   »  	 Features & Benefits	 
   »  	 Data Sheet	 
   »  	 General FAQs	 
   »  	 Detailed View	 
   »  	 GNOME 2.0 Accessibility	 
    	

GNOME 2.0 Desktop for the Solaris Operating Environment provides an intuitive user interface that enables users to easily locate information, access menus, launch applications, and personalize their work environment. It also integrates seamlessly with the Internet to provide access to resources on the Web. GNOME is built on open source software and is rapidly evolving into a standard user desktop for use across multiple UNIX® platforms. 

  
  Sun Ray Building Block: Complete Remote Office Desktop Solutions! 	  Feb. 3rd Sun Net Talk: See Java Desktop System in Action 	
  
At a Glance 	

Desktop:	Nautilus File Manager, Workspace Switcher, Desktop Preferences	
Productivity Applications:	GNOME runs virtually all Solaris OE-based software, including StarOffice productivity suite, Netscape	
Accessories and Utilities:	Calculator, Text Editor, Character Map, Window List	
Accessibility Support:	Keyboard navigation, high/low contrast themes, AccessX keyboard control	

    
Key Features and Benefits 	

FeaturesBenefits
Comprehensive and intuitive desktop user environment.	One convenient package provides fast access to the most frequently used applications, utilities, and accessories; plus the desktop can be customized to suit individual working styles.	
Built-in accessibility solutions.	Users with vision problems and other physical disabilities benefit from accessible themes and keyboard navigation. A follow-up release plans to support other assistive technologies, such as screen readers, screen magnifiers, and on-screen keyboards.	

    System Requirements   

* Solaris 8 Operating Environment or higher (SPARC or x86 Architecture Editions). (Note that Solaris 9 OE, x86 Edition is available with Solaris 9 OE 12/02.) 

  Availability   

GNOME 2.0 Desktop for the Solaris OE is available now. 

  More Information   
»  	 Moving to GNOME	 

  	

Evaluate 	

Product Home	 
»  	 White Papers	 
»  	 News & Events	 
 	 
 	 
 	 
Get 	
»  	 Get the Software	 
»  	 Support & Services	 
 	 
 	 
 	 
Use 	
»  	 Documentation	 
»  	 Developer Resources	 
»  	 Community & Resources	 
 	 
 	 
 	 
Maintain 	
»  	 Patches & Support	 

  	

 	 
Company Info   |   Contact   |   Terms of Use   |   Privacy   |   Trademarks   |   Copyright 1994-2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc.   