Thomas Dean, Professor Computer Science Department Brown University, Box 1910 Providence, RI 02912 401-863-7600 (voice) 401-863-7657 (fax) tld@cs.brown.edu Tom Dean is a Professor in the Computer Science Department at Brown University . He received his B.A. in mathematics from Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University in 1982 and his Ph.D. in computer science from Yale University in 1986. His general research interests include temporal and spatial reasoning, automated planning, robotics, machine learning, and probabilistic inference. His current research is concerned with theories of temporal and spatial inference for reasoning about actions and processes. Of particular interest are problems in which the notion of risk is complicated by there being limited time for deliberation and action. Dean is a fellow of AAAI and a former member of the IJCAI Inc. Board of Trustees. He served as the chair of the Computer Science Department from 1997 until 2002, and as the Acting Vice President for Computing and Information Services at Brown from 2001 until 2002. He has also served on the Executive Council of AAAI and the Computing Research Association Board of Directors. He was the program co-chair for the 1991 National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and the program chair for the 1999 International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence held in Stockholm, Sweden. He was the recipient of an NSF Presidential Young Investigator Award in 1989. Dean is co-author with Mike Wellman of the Morgan-Kaufmann text entitled Planning and Control which ties together techniques from artificial intelligence, operations research, control theory, and the decision sciences. He is co-author with James Allen and John Aloimonos of Artificial Intelligence: Theory and Practice , an introductory text in Artificial Intelligence. His latest book Talking With Computers examines a wide range of topics from digital logic and machine language to artificial intelligence and searching the web; it will be published by Cambridge University Press and should be available in February 2004. Here is some additional, less academic biographical information. My undergraduate education consisted of a double major in mathematics and philosophy. As an undergraduate, I couldn't imagine myself as an academic or working in computer science. My path to becoming a professor was anything but straight; I've made a living as a sculptor, furniture maker, house architect, building contractor, and machinist. Being a scientist and a teacher is by far the most satisfying. I still enjoy many of the things that I picked up in college, including listening to and playing jazz and blues guitar. I love swimming, though I no longer swim competitively. I got hooked on wind surfing a few years back, and occasionally I steal away from the department to spend a few hours wind surfing on Narragansett Bay. In the fall of 2003, I'll be teaching CS09-02: Talking with Computers , a freshman seminar based on my most recent book. See CS148: Building Intelligent Robots (2001) , CS243: Topics in Machine Learning (2001) and CS148: Building Intelligent Robots (2002) for information on other courses that I've taught recently. For more information of an academic sort, see my curriculum vitae in postscript or PDF .   --> 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Thomas Dean, Professor 
Computer Science Department 
Brown University, Box 1910 
Providence, RI 02912 
401-863-7600 (voice) 
401-863-7657 (fax) tld@cs.brown.edu 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Tom Dean is a Professor in the Computer Science Department at Brown University. He received his B.A. in mathematics from Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University in 1982 and his Ph.D. in computer science from Yale University in 1986. His general research interests include temporal and spatial reasoning, automated planning, robotics, machine learning, and probabilistic inference. His current research is concerned with theories of temporal and spatial inference for reasoning about actions and processes. Of particular interest are problems in which the notion of risk is complicated by there being limited time for deliberation and action. 

Dean is a fellow of AAAI and a former member of the IJCAI Inc. Board of Trustees. He served as the chair of the Computer Science Department from 1997 until 2002, and as the Acting Vice President for Computing and Information Services at Brown from 2001 until 2002. He has also served on the Executive Council of AAAI and the Computing Research Association Board of Directors. He was the program co-chair for the 1991 National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and the program chair for the 1999 International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence held in Stockholm, Sweden. He was the recipient of an NSF Presidential Young Investigator Award in 1989. Dean is co-author with Mike Wellman of the Morgan-Kaufmann text entitled Planning and Control which ties together techniques from artificial intelligence, operations research, control theory, and the decision sciences. He is co-author with James Allen and John Aloimonos of Artificial Intelligence: Theory and Practice, an introductory text in Artificial Intelligence. His latest book Talking With Computers examines a wide range of topics from digital logic and machine language to artificial intelligence and searching the web; it will be published by Cambridge University Press and should be available in February 2004. 

Here is some additional, less academic biographical information. 

My undergraduate education consisted of a double major in mathematics and philosophy. As an undergraduate, I couldn't imagine myself as an academic or working in computer science. My path to becoming a professor was anything but straight; I've made a living as a sculptor, furniture maker, house architect, building contractor, and machinist. Being a scientist and a teacher is by far the most satisfying. I still enjoy many of the things that I picked up in college, including listening to and playing jazz and blues guitar. I love swimming, though I no longer swim competitively. I got hooked on wind surfing a few years back, and occasionally I steal away from the department to spend a few hours wind surfing on Narragansett Bay. 

In the fall of 2003, I'll be teaching CS09-02: Talking with Computers, a freshman seminar based on my most recent book. See CS148: Building Intelligent Robots (2001), CS243: Topics in Machine Learning (2001) and CS148: Building Intelligent Robots (2002) for information on other courses that I've taught recently. 

For more information of an academic sort, see my curriculum vitae in postscript or PDF. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
