Home | Order Now | Products | Benefits | Compatibility | Free Trial | About Spellex | Contact Us Spellex Corporation Â© 2002. All rights reserved. - Design by Viaden   --> 

What's New at Spellex

  	 
Spellex Botanical 1.0
 Spellex Corporation announces the newest addition to its family of comprehensive specialty spell checking solutionsÂ… Spellex Botanical. This new spell checker is the first and only comprehensive spell checker with more than 50,000 words covering vascular plants, mosses, liverworts, hornworts, annuals, bulbs, cacti, succulents, grasses, water plants, houseplants, perennials, shrubs, bushes, trees, vines, crawlers, wild flowers, and more. 

This new spell checker is designed to work seamlessly inside the world’s most popular word processing programs such as Microsoft Word and Corel/WordPerfect. Users of Spellex Botanical will be able to simultaneously spell check regular English words and botanical terms without exiting their documents simply by clicking on their standard spell checker icon. 

Visit the compatibility page for a complete listing of the desktop applications which are compatible with Spellex Botanical and the Botanical Product Page for complete information on this new spell checker. 

Spellex Botanical can also be combined with other Spellex products such as Spellex Medical and Spellex Pharmaceutical for seamless one pass spell checking of all specialties.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
 	 
Major new release of Legal and Medical spelling software 
for Microsoft and WordPerfect Users. 

TAMPA, FL -- Spellex Development announces a major new release of their legal and medical spell checking software that includes the new Spell-X-Plustm software download service for new terminology, a WindowsÂ® self-healing feature, and full compatibility with Microsoft Word 2002Â® and Corel/WordPerfect 11Â®. The combined spelling dictionaries contain over 315,000 medical and legal words and are the only spellers to provide full language enhancement support for the Microsoft Word 2002 and WordPerfect11 desktop applications that isupport spell checking. 
 
Benefits:
 
Law firms and other companies using legal and medical language can more quickly and accurately create professional looking documents. By installing Spellex Legal and Spellex Medical into WordPerfect or Microsoft, the spell checkers will provide correct spelling choices for incorrectly spelled legal and medical terms. The spell checkers also allow users to look up unsure spelling of legal and medical words by phonetic or wildcard search without exiting their document. This eliminates the slow and tedious task of looking for or verifying the correct spelling of legal or medical words that are not in the basic English dictionary. The user saves time, increases accuracy, and improves productivity.
 
New Feature Highlights:

- More than three thousand new medical and legal words
 - Full support for international languages
 - Windows self-healing to repair corrupted or deleted files
 - On-the-fly spelling algorithm to more quickly detect misspelled words
 - Virtual spell checking by downloading new terminology updates
 - Enhanced support for Microsoft Word 2002 and Corel/WordPerfect 11

Spellex LegalÂ®
 
Spellex Legal 7.0 now contains over 32,000 legal words and checks terms from criminal and civil law, constitutional, family, patent, bankruptcy, contract, admiralty, litigation, corporate, conveyancing, international law, and more. Spellex Legal also checks spelling of legal prefixes and suffixes as well as hundreds of abbreviations and acronyms used in reporters, legal treatises, law reviews, legal encyclopedias, legal reference books, law dictionaries, citators and more.
 
Spellex MedicalÂ®
 
Designed for law firms practicing personal injury, workers' compensation, medical malpractice or healthcare law, Spellex Medical 15.0 now covers over 67 medical specialties and contains more than 300,000 medical terms. The spelling database includes medical and surgical lists, medical procedures, AIDS terms, medical equipment, abbreviations, eponyms, acronyms, drug names, and medical prefixes and suffixes.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

SPELL-X-PLUSTM Subscription Service 

Our exciting new SPELL-X-PLUS software subscription service continues to be an unqualified success among users who want to stay up to date with the latest words in medicine. 

With a SPELL-X-PLUS annual subscription, you receive software updates every quarter, packed with the newest medical and pharmaceutical terms ready to load into your Spellex spell checker in seconds. SPELL-X-PLUS updates include new medications, new medical devices, new laboratory tests, new procedures, and more. Refer to the SPELL-X-PLUS page on this web site. 	

Home | Order Now | Products | Benefits | Compatibility | Free Trial | About Spellex | Contact Us	 	

Spellex Corporation Â© 2002. All rights reserved. - Design by Viaden	 	

