--> E-business Resources E-business Editorials and Columns E-business Features and News Analysis E-business Product Info and Reviews E-business Background Info E-business White Papers and Vendor Info E-business Research Links on the Web View all E-business resources --> --> --> E-business WhitePapers Read up on the latest ideas and technologies from companies that sell hardware, software and services. View E-business whitepapers View all whitepapers Search IDG White Paper Library: E-business Buyerss' Guide --> A listing of companies that sell hardware, software and services in the E-business sector. e-Zest Solutions Pvt. Ltd. eDat Solutions Inc. 365 Media 5by5 Networks 746 Route 34 A-Propos AXS-One Inc Acela Technologies, Inc. Adhaero Technologies More listings View E-business Buyers' Guide View all Buyers' Guides Sponsored Links DevDays2004 Is Coming Register before 2/10 for just $ 75. Security White Paper The Virus Epidemic- Virus Protection Strategies to Combat Electronic Attacks Evolving Internet Requirements Using Integrated Solutions to Improve Network Security and Reduce Cost The Spam Onslaught White Paper-How to Combat Spam to Cost-effectively Minimize Productivity Losses Achieve more with the new Microsoft Office System. See how. Web-Fast! Infinite NET takes legacy apps to the web fast! Get the facts on MicrosoftÂ® WindowsÂ® and Linux Click here. New Webcast- How fast can you respond to emerging threats? The Path to Information Lifecycle Management. Get started now... Prove the Business Value of IT! Attend ComputerworldÂ’s Premier 100 IT Leaders Conference, March 7-9 in Palm Desert! Upgrade... to the HP Compaq d530 series AMD: Introduces the AMD Opteron Â™ Processor Market Place Links NetSupport Manager PC Remote Control - Perform remote support and management on multiple systems simultaneously over a LAN, WAN and the Internet with this PC remote control software. Provides speedy, secure remote PC access, dynamic inventory, automated scripting and more. HelpSTAR - Help Desk Software and Asset Management - Download HelpSTAR Quick Evaluation Edition. Experience first hand how HelpSTAR help desk software can provide tangible improvements in response time, end user self help, first call resolution, and cost-justification of staff and equipment. BroadBandBuyer.com - Find Voice/Internet/Data Provider Deals - Find Deals, Prices & Providers for T1, DSL, VPN, VoIP, Frame Relay and more! FREE Wireless Printing White Paper from Zebra - Learn about the benefits of wireless bar code printing, networking technology, connectivity options, security, mobile printing applications, and more. Find Accounting Packages - Let us find the perfect accounting package for you. Fill out our free RFP and let FindAccountingSoftware.com compare packages to identify a set that meets your needs at no cost. • Latest headlines from NetworkWorld • Latest headlines from Techworld • Will the software industry consolidate into a very few controlling vendors? • By 2010, the road to the top could go right throught the CIO's office. Or not. MORE >> MORE >> MORE >> About Us Advertise Contacts Editorial Calendar Help Desk Privacy Policy Reprints Site Map Copyright © 2004 Computerworld Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Computerworld Inc. is prohibited. Computerworld and Computerworld.com and the respective logos are trademarks of International Data Group Inc.   -->                                                 .default { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; color: gray; text-decoration: none } .sponsorblack { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; color: #444444; text-decoration: none } .sponsorgrey { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; color: #999999; text-decoration: none } .sponsorgold { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; color: #999933; text-decoration: none } .sponsorblue { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; color: #003399; text-decoration: none } .sponsorltblue { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; color: #0066CC; text-decoration: none } .sponsormaroon { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; color: maroon; text-decoration: none }       
  	  	  	   
 	 

Computerworld
     
IDG.net
     
Whitepapers
     
_______________
     
Careers
     
CRM
     
Data Mgmt
     
Development
     
E-business
     
ERP/Supply Chain
     
Hardware
     
IT Management
     
Mobile & Wireless
     
Networking
     
Operating Sys
     
ROI
     
Security
     
Storage
     
Web Site Mgmt
     
xSP
    
   
   	   	   	   

E-business
Knowledge Center
  E-business News
 Discussions
  Glossary
 Vendor Listing
 Resource Links
 White Papers
 E-business XML Feed
 Mobile Channel
 E-mail newsletters
     
Knowledge Centers
Careers
CRM
Data Management
Development
E-business
ERP/Supply Chain
Hardware
IT Management
Mobile & Wireless
Networking
Operating Systems
Outsourcing
ROI
Security
Storage
Web Site Mgmt
More topics...
 
Departments
QuickStudies
 SharkTank
 FutureWatch
 Careers
 Opinions/Letters
 More departments...
 
Services
Forums
 Research
 QuickPolls
 WhitePapers
 Buyers' Guides
 More services...
 

 	     
      
                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------
E-business News
 

View more E-business news
 

---------------------------------------------------------------------
E-business Resources
 
  E-business Editorials and Columns
   E-business Features and News Analysis
   E-business Product Info and Reviews
   E-business Background Info
   E-business White Papers and Vendor Info
       E-business Research Links on the Web
  
 View all E-business resources
 

 	         

---------------------------------------------------------------------
E-business WhitePapers
  Read up on the latest ideas and technologies from companies that sell hardware, software and services.
 
  
   View E-business whitepapers
     View all whitepapers
     
 

 Search IDG White Paper Library:   
     	

---------------------------------------------------------------------

A listing of companies that sell hardware, software and services in the E-business sector.
 
      e-Zest Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
         eDat Solutions Inc.
         365 Media
         5by5 Networks
         746 Route 34
         A-Propos
         AXS-One Inc
         Acela Technologies, Inc.
         Adhaero Technologies
         More listings
     
     View E-business Buyers' Guide
      View all Buyers' Guides
     

 	          	 	 
 

Sponsored Links

DevDays2004 Is Coming         Register before 2/10 for just $75.       
      
                          Security White Paper         The Virus Epidemic- Virus Protection Strategies to Combat Electronic Attacks       
      
                          Evolving Internet Requirements         Using Integrated Solutions to Improve Network Security and Reduce Cost       
      
                          The Spam Onslaught         White Paper-How to Combat Spam to Cost-effectively Minimize Productivity Losses       
      
                          Achieve more with the new Microsoft Office System.          See how.       
      
                          Web-Fast!         Infinite NET takes legacy apps to the web fast!       
      
                          Get the facts on MicrosoftÂ® WindowsÂ® and Linux         Click here.       
      
                          New Webcast-         How fast can you respond to emerging threats?       
      
                          The Path to Information Lifecycle Management.         Get started now...       
      
                          Prove the Business Value of IT!         Attend ComputerworldÂ’s Premier 100 IT Leaders Conference, March 7-9 in Palm Desert!       
      
                          Upgrade...         to the HP Compaq d530 series       
      
                          AMD:         Introduces the AMD Opteron Â™ Processor       
      
     
       	   	  
 

Market Place Links

NetSupport Manager PC Remote Control        - Perform remote support and management on multiple systems simultaneously over a LAN, WAN and the Internet with this PC remote control software. Provides speedy, secure remote PC access, dynamic inventory, automated scripting and more.        

HelpSTAR - Help Desk Software and Asset Management        - Download HelpSTAR Quick Evaluation Edition. Experience first hand how HelpSTAR help desk software can provide tangible improvements in response time, end user self help, first call resolution, and cost-justification of staff and equipment.        

BroadBandBuyer.com - Find Voice/Internet/Data Provider Deals        - Find Deals, Prices & Providers for T1, DSL, VPN, VoIP, Frame Relay and more!        

FREE Wireless Printing White Paper from Zebra        - Learn about the benefits of wireless bar code printing, networking technology, connectivity options, security, mobile printing applications, and more.        

Find Accounting Packages        - Let us find the perfect accounting package for you. Fill out our free RFP and let FindAccountingSoftware.com compare packages to identify a set that meets your needs at no cost.        

•	       	      Latest headlines from NetworkWorld
       	           
     	         	                         
      •	       	      Latest headlines from Techworld
       	           
  	   	                                
      •	       	      Will the software industry consolidate into a very few controlling vendors?
       	                
      •	       	      By 2010, the road to the top could go right throught the CIO's office. Or not.
       	           
     	      
   	   	              MORE >>    

MORE >>    

MORE >>    

 	    About Us   Advertise   Contacts   Editorial Calendar   Help Desk   Privacy Policy   Reprints   Site Map   

 	 
 

 	      
  
  	  	 
 	          
     Copyright © 2004 Computerworld Inc. All rights reserved.      Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express      written permission      of Computerworld Inc. is prohibited. Computerworld and Computerworld.com      and the respective logos are trademarks of International Data Group Inc.
        

 	 
