  .note-header-text {font-family: Times, Times New Roman, serif;   color:#ff0000; font-size: .95em;   margin-left: .75em; margin-right: .75em;}                           
 
         	           
    	         Subscribe (Full Service)   	      Register (Free, Limited Service)   	               Login       	       
            
    	         
     	              Search:   The ACM Digital Library   The Guide                      	        
        	   
  
  	  
                
   	   	   	   	   	    
   	   Full text collection    of every article published by ACM, including over 50 years of archives.
   Go to The ACM Digital Library    	   	   Bibliographic collection    from major publishers in computing with over 750,000 entries.
   Go to The Guide    	   	    
   	     
              
 	        
               TECHNews Headlines   Friday, January 23, 2004                                              
* 
UC Berkeley News (01/21/04); Yang, Sarah; Sneiderman, Phil   

Four prestigious cyber-security experts--former ACM President Barbara Simons, Avi Rubin of Johns Hopkins University, David Wagner of USC Berkeley, and David Jefferson of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory--have concluded that the U.S. Defense Department's Secure Electronic Registration and Voting Experiment (SERVE) is highly vulnerable to hackers or even terrorists who could compromise the outcome of elections without being detected. The experts are unanimous in their recommendation that the system, designed as an online absentee voting tool for 6 million U.S. citizens and servicemen living overseas, be shut down. SERVE's vulnerabilities are fundamental to the Internet, which leads to the conclusion that online electronic voting is essentially unworkable. Simons says,                                                             
* ACM Members Voice Support for Policy Against Expanding Protections For Scientific Data                                                             
* Easing of Internet Regulations Challenges Surveillance Efforts                          
* more news...  
    Professional Development Centre
Most Popular Courses         
* Data Modeling        
* Project Management Fundamentals        
* UML Fundamentals        
* Introduction to the Java[tm] Programming Language        
* Introduction to SQL, Part 1       
* more courses...  
   
 	 Feedback	 
 	     
* Report a problem   
* Take our Satisfaction survey  
  	
   	   	       What's New at ACM 
 	
 ACM Queue, a new magazine for practitioners.	    	
 ACM Queue takes a peek into the future, and the latest computing trends.	 
Learn more, subscribe.	 
 	
 	
 	
Nearly 200 FREE web-based training courses in the ACM Professional Development Centre for Student and Professional Members!	 
 	
 	
 	
Become a reviewer for ACM Computing Reviews	 
 	
 	
 	
Refer Colleagues to ACM and Receive Free Gifts with the ACM Member-Get-A-Member program.	 
 	
 	
 	
Visit the new Job Centre in the ACM Career Resource Centre.	 
 	
 	
 	
Look at the expanded ACM Student Research Competition funded by Microsoft Research.	 
 	
 	
 	
ACM in the News and Press Releases	 
 	
 	
 	
   	   	       Upcoming Conferences                 ASP-DAC04
   Jan 27th-30th  
  Kanagawa,    Japan                 SIGCSE04
   Mar 3rd-7th  
  Norfolk,    Virginia                  SAC04
   Mar 14th-17th  
  Nicosia,    Cyprus               ETRA04
   Mar 22nd-24th  
  San Antonio,    Texas               RECOMB04
   Mar 27th-31st  
  San Diego,    California               ISPD04
   Apr 18th-21st  
  Phoenix,    Arizona                  CHI04
   Apr 24th-29th  
  Vienna,    Austria  
* more conferences... 
         

The ACM Portal is published by the Association for Computing Machinery. Copyright © 2004 ACM, Inc.
 Terms of Usage    Privacy Policy    Code of Ethics     Contact Us  	
