

Home   	 

Erwin Marsi's Homepage 	 
  

Home
  

PhD Thesis  
 my thesis about intonation in spoken language generation

Publications
   a list of my publications

Contact
   my address, phone & email

  	 
 

Exits 	 
  

Personal
   my other webpages with personal stuff

Prosit
   the project I work for, which is about predicting prosody  using machine learning techniques

NeXTeNS
   an open source text to speech system for Dutch;  one of my projects

ILK
  Induction of Linguistic Knowledge;  the research group I'm working in

UvT
  Tilburg University

Links
   other interesting webpages

On these pages you can find information about my work. If you think that is pretty boring, you can try my private pages.

I am currently employed as a post-doc researcher at the Induction of Linguistic Knowledge group of the section Computational Linguistics at Tilburg University in the Netherlands. I work in the PROSIT project (Prosody from Information in Text). The goal of this project is to improve the prediction of prosodic markers (pitch accents and prosodic phrases) for the purpose of text-to-speech conversion in Dutch. We try to accomplish this by robust automatic analysis of texts applying techniques from the fields of Information Retrieval and Natural Language Processing (shallow features), and by using machine learning allgorithms (memory-based learning, in particular). Ultimately, we intend to show that just a shallow analysis of an input text is actually sufficient for adequately predicting prosodic markers.

In addition, I am one of the initiators of, and main contributors to, the NeXTeNS project. NeXTeNS stands for Nederlandse Extensie voor Tekst naar Spraak (Dutch Extension for Text to Speech). The projects aims at developing a modern, clean, multi-platform, open source text-to-speech system for Dutch that is freely available for research and education purposes. You can try the demo , and download the software for free.

Earlier, I was a PhD student at the Department of Language and Speech at the University of Nijmegen. I wrote my thesis about intonation in spoken language generation (supervised by my promotor prof. dr. Carlos Gussenhoven and co-promotors dr. Peter-Arno Coppen and dr. Toni Rietveld). The main topic of this thesis is how to exploit the rich linguistic information generated by an natural language generation system (at the morphological, syntactic, and semantic level) in a rule-based system to predict the prosodic structure of utterances (location and type of pitch accents and boundary tones, as well a hierarchical prosodic phrasing), thereby improving the quality of synthetic speech. 	
 
Last modified on Monday, November 17, 2003 by  Erwin Marsi   
         	
 
  	
