               

Introducing Moosejaw's brand new adventure racing Pearl Izumi Quest tights. Regular price $50.00, SMAC members using the club discount pay only $38.00. Visit Moosejaw or call 1-888-208-2258 to order!	 

RACES AND CLINICS - 2003
 	

The Southern Michigan Adventure Club has announced the 2003 Salomon / Moosejaw Adventure Race Series. Checkout the Race Schedule and the 2003 Point Series 

The SMAC 12hr July Sprint Race held on July 19th was a great success. Click Here to see the event recap, results, and checkout pictures from the event.
 		

The SMAC 10hr June Sprint Race held on June 14th was a great success. Click Here to see the event recap, results, and checkout pictures from the event.
 		

The 2nd annual SMAC Urban Race held on May 10th was a great success. Click Here to see the event Recap and Results.
 		

SMAC holds most of its clinics in the spring, so unfortunately we are done with most clinics for the year. However, keep an eye out for the occasional Navigation Practice Session or perhaps any other type of clinic that could come about in the summer or fall if we get the time.The Clinics page has all the details on the types of clinics SMAC host.
 		

NEWS
 	

2003 SMAC Race Photos Posted...
 Click here to Launch the Photo Gallery. 

SMAC starts open training sessions...
                  Every Thursday, members of Team SMAC will be hosting open training sessions for any and all SMAC members to come out, meet people, and have some fun while training! Click for Details and Locations. Hope to see you there!
                 	 	

Team SMAC finishes strong in 36hr RTN...
During the weekend of May 31st - June 1st, Team SMAC participated in the 36hr Raid The North Race in Parry Sound, Ontario. Click Here for a race summary with pictures.
                 	 	

SMAC is back from Costa Rica...
                                     During the week of March 2nd Team SMAC as well as two other teams of SMAC members participated in the 4 day Coast 2 Coast adventure race. Click Here for a race summary with pictures.
                 	 	

SMAC Welcomes it's new Sponsors!
                                    Visit the sponsor page or check out the benefits page to learn more about what these new sponsorships mean for SMAC members.
                   		

Remember when it was cold out??? Some racers prepare for the ice skating section during the 2003 SMAC Winter Raid.	 

© Copyright 2002.  All Rights Reserved. Southern Michigan Adventure Club • Created by OTRGraphics	 
           Updated: 6/24/03	 

