Digital Information Infrastructure A Framework for Distributed Digital Object Services by Robert Kahn and Robert Wilensky, offers some elements. Papers: If you want to see some of my papers, take a look at my collection on the DLIB Personal Library service . Here are some of my older UC Berkeley Computer Science technical reports on various subjects: Extending the Lexicon by Exploiting Subregularities Sentences, Situations and Propositions The Berkeley UNIX Consultant Project Primal Content and Actual Content: An Antidote to Literal Meaning Some Problems and Proposals for Knowledge Representation UC--A Progress Report Talking to Unix in English: An Overview of an On-line Consultant You can examine any UC Berkeley Computer Science Technical Report, and those of quite a few other institutions, via the UC Berkeley Technical Report Server . Presentations: RESIDU Multivalent Robust Hyperlinks Robust Locations CQF clustering shape Kobus's ECCV_2002 slides Kobus's talk slides Demos General DLIB Demos Clustering demos: Kobus's official demo ; Clustering demo 1 ; Clustering demo 2 Here is a broken but robust link to the home page for CS288: An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Natural Language Processing . You'll need to download a browser hack from the Robust Hyperlinks and Robust Locations page to gracefully fail-over. Miscellaneous Some BAIR (Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Project) alumni pages, and some people working on the Digital Library Project . In addition to having recently served as Chair of UC Berkeley's Computer Science Division, as well as a brief stint as Emperor of China , I also consult on various topics. Personal Some family pictures .... Directions to 560 Spruce Street   --> 

Robert Wilensky 

Professor
Computer Science Division and School of Information Management and Systems 
721 Soda Hall
 University of California, Berkeley
 Berkeley, CA 94720
 TEL: (510) 642-7034
 FAX: (510) 643-1534 
wilensky à CS.Berkeley.EDU 

Administrative contact:
 Winnie Wang
 719 Soda Hall 
(510) 642-9575 
catwoman à cs.Berkeley.EDU 

Office hours for Spring, 2004: W 2-3, Th 2-3. 

I'm teaching CS 288: An AI Approach to NLP this spring. 

Interested in applying to graduate school in EECS? You need not contact me, but should follow this link instead. 

Interested in applying to graduate school in SIMS? Follow this link. 

I'm working on "Digital Information Services", as exemplified by . 

The paper, Digital Library Resources as a Basis for Collaborative Work, describes some of our efforts. An IEEE Computer article on our previous work is available; so is an overview of our current project (in PowerPoint). 

My research interests include: 

* Digital Documents 

See the Multivalent Browser page. 

Check out the Digital Documents course home page. 

* Robust Linking 

Robustness in a chaotic environment poses some interesting questions. Check out the Robust Hyperlinks and Robust Locations page. 

* Using Natural Language Processing to Improve Information Access 

Check out the home page for CS288: An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Natural Language Processing. 

I also teach CS 188: An Introduction to Artificial Intelligence . 

* Digital Information Infrastructure 

A Framework for Distributed Digital Object Services by Robert Kahn and Robert Wilensky, offers some elements. 

Papers:

If you want to see some of my papers, take a look at my collection on the DLIB Personal Library service. 

Here are some of my older UC Berkeley Computer Science technical reports on various subjects: 

* Extending the Lexicon by Exploiting Subregularities 
* Sentences, Situations and Propositions 
* The Berkeley UNIX Consultant Project 
* Primal Content and Actual Content: An Antidote to Literal Meaning 
* Some Problems and Proposals for Knowledge Representation 
* UC--A Progress Report 
* Talking to Unix in English: An Overview of an On-line Consultant 

You can examine any UC Berkeley Computer Science Technical Report, and those of quite a few other institutions, via the UC Berkeley Technical Report Server. 

Presentations:

RESIDU 
Multivalent 
Robust Hyperlinks 
Robust Locations 
CQF 
clustering 
shape 
Kobus's ECCV_2002 slides 
Kobus's talk slides 

Demos

General DLIB Demos 

Clustering demos: Kobus's official demo; Clustering demo 1; Clustering demo 2 

Here is a broken but robust link to the home page for CS288: An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Natural Language Processing. You'll need to download a browser hack from the Robust Hyperlinks and Robust Locations page to gracefully fail-over. 

Miscellaneous

Some BAIR (Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Project) alumni pages, and some people working on the Digital Library Project . 

In addition to having recently served as Chair of UC Berkeley's Computer Science Division, as well as a brief stint as Emperor of China, I also consult on various topics. 

Personal

Some family pictures.... 

Directions to 560 Spruce Street 

