                                                   
        
  	  
 	  
 	  

 	 

The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews is the governing authority for the rules of the game in more than 100 affiliated nations and is responsible for the Open Championship and key amateur and international events. The R&A is also dedicated to the development of golf world-wide and is a leader in environmental and ecological research.
...More 	

 	   
  	  
  	      
                                                                                                 	                       
          Russian golf gets R&A backing 	                     23 Jan 2004 	                                     
          Golf Development 	                           

Russian golfing initiatives are to receive R&A backing following a visit to Moscow by Duncan Weir, the R&A Golf Development Secretary, and Leif Ohlsson of the PGA of Europe. President of the Russian Golf Association, Dr Konstantin Kozhevnikov, and the association's Secretary, Alexey Nicolov, led visits to the site of a new public course at Troparyvo,which is due to open on the outskirts of the capital in December 2005, the Le Meridien Moscow Country Club, and a tented two-tier driving range....More	       
                                                                                      	                       
          Chinese student receives R&A award& 	                     16 Jan 2004 	                                     
          Course Management 	                           

A Chinese student in golf facility management has received one of the first awards of 2004 from The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews. Surpluses from The Open Championship are used to promote and expand golf throughout the world and Qin Yu has been awarded £4,700 to enable her to complete her studies at Elmwood College....More	     
   	  
           	  
                                                                
 	 

Bonallack Trophy win for Asia-Pacific in Japan	          	                                 
       The third Bonallack Trophy match, which was supported by R&A funding of £30,000, took place at Hirono, 12 miles from Kobe on the Japanese island of Honshu and resulted in a first win for the Asia-Pacific team. The undulating course set among pine trees, streams and lakes was first opened for play in 1930....More	                                   
                                                   	        
      	  
              
   	   
  	   
  	           
                                             
                  	                        
                   Tented two-tier driving range in Moscow. 	                                                          

The Le Meridien Moscow Country Club with (left to right) Alexey Nicolov (Secretary of the Russian Golf Association), Leif Ohlsson of the PGA of Europe and Duncan Weir, Golf Development Secretary of the R&A.&nbsp;	                                                          

Chinese student Qin Yu receives an award from the R&A. Left to right - George Manson, Steve Isaac, Christina Potter, Qin Yu, Duncan Weir and Carol Borthwick. 	                                                          

 	     
  

Question  A player's ball lies in a hole made by a rabbit, he is entitled to free relief	           
   	    True False    
 	 
  	 		 

 	 

The Silver Cross
  Colonel John Murray Belshes presented the Silver Cross to the Club in 1836 to be the principal prize at the R&A's Spring Meeting. He felt that "as the Gold Medal was the only prize now given by the club and as there were numerous first rate players who competed for it, it would tend to increase the interest were an additional prize competed for yearly". ...More	                

 	  
  	  
   	  
  	  
  	    
  	     

 	           
    The    Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews | Affiliated    Golf Unions & Golfing Bodies | News    | Gallery | St    Andrews - Home of Golf | Contact    Us | Login 	          
    	          
   Disclaimer  Privacy Policy	             
    	          
    