              
   	       	   	   	    
   	   	       	    
       	       	    
   	       ®	    
 

We are organized to:

-	 unite the energy, interest, and knowledge of the students, explorers, and lovers of the mountains of Colorado;	 

-	 

collect and disseminate information regarding the Rocky Mountains in behalf of science, literature, art, and recreation;

-	 stimulate public interest in our mountain area;	 

-	 encourage the preservation of forests, flowers, fauna, and natural scenery; and 	

-	 render readily accessible the alpine attractions of this region.	 

 	 	

* Membership Information Meeting - January 28 
* Adventure Program - February 12 

 	 	   In 1912, the Club's founding members created our mission statement, and it is a true testament to their vision that the statement is as relevant today as ever. The CMC continues to follow the course set by its founding members by:	 

* Sponsoring many trips, classes, and seminars dedicated to wildlife and geology study, outdoor photography and art, and other subjects for its 10,000-plus members; 

* Collecting and disseminating information on Colorado's mountains through the CMC's TRAIL & TIMBERLINE magazine, the books and publications of the CMC Press, CMC schools, natural history hikes, and conservation projects; 

* Stimulating public interest through Group programs, the CMC Education Program, and the American Mountaineering Center's library and museum; 

* Encouraging preservation through environmental education, trail building and restoration, and participation in public lands management decisions; and 

* Making readily available the alpine attractions of the region by scheduling over 3,000 trips per year. 

   Welcome to the Colorado Mountain Club—the state's premier outdoor organization and one of the largest outdoor recreation, education and conservation clubs in the country. With the CMC you're about to get a lot more fulfillment out of our mountains and meet many others who share your interest in the outdoors.
 
   Each year the CMC sponsors thousands of activities within Colorado, plus numerous national and international outings and expeditions. As a member, you can take advantage of CMC classes in hiking, mountaineering, technical rock climbing, ice climbing, backpacking, cross-country skiing, avalanche safety, first aid, natural history, and many other subjects taught by CMC volunteers and other experts.
 
   The CMC also provides great opportunities for you to volunteer your own talents in countless ways, such as leading trips, teaching schools, serving on committees and sections of special interest, working on trail crews, and writing for CMC publications. Your voice will also be united with thousands of fellow members to protect the Colorado mountains we love: The CMC is one of Colorado's most respected authorities on conservation issues.
 
   The CMC has a proud tradition of service not only to its members but to the general public. From its first outing in 1912 to the present, the CMC has been dedicated to making possible high levels of service and safe participation in outdoor activities; providing enjoyment and education to its members; and protecting the outstanding natural environment of the Rocky Mountain region.
 
 On-Line Activity Schedule
 Part of the Activity Schedule is on-line in the password protected Member Pages. The password for the Member Pages is your CMC membership number for the username and your zip code for the password. It may take up to a week for new members to appear in the password database. 

  Contact CMC at 303-279-3080 or Email us at cmcoffice@cmc.org. Visit us at the American Mountaineering Center located at 710 10th Street, Golden, CO 80401. Winter office hours: Mon. to Thurs. 11:00 AM to 7:30 PM, Fri. 9:00 AM to 3:00 PM.
 
   Visit our new Carbondale Office located at 711 Main Street,
 Carbondale, CO 81623 Phone: 970-618-1341 Fax: 970-963-3439. 

 	     
   	    
   See the Member Handbook to answer your questions.	     
           	    
       SEARCH	               SITE MAP 	       INDEX 	    
       BOOKSTORE
     MEMBERSHIP
-     Schools
-     Sections
 \     Denver     Downhillers
 \     High Altitude     Mountaineering
 \     SESI
 \     Technical Climbing
 \     Trailblazers
 \     Trail Running
-     Join a Group
 \     Boulder
 \     Denver
  \ Colorado Wilderness Kids
  \ Fort Collins
  \     Pikes Peak
 \     Weld County
     	       EVENTS
-     Community
 - CMC Education
     INFORMATION
-     Science
 \         Natural History
-     Literature
 \     Bookstore
 \     Library
 \     Publications
 \     Trail and Timberline
  \ CMC Press
  \     Member     Handbook	    -     Recreation
 \     Conditions
 \     Safety Information
 \     Trip Reports
 \     Visitor Information
 \     Weather
-     About CMC
 \         Foundation
 \     News
 \     E-mail Lists
     CONSERVATION
-     Program
-     Hot Topics
-     Calendar
 	       ACTIVITIES
-     Activity Schedule
-     Hiking
-     Outings
-     Social Activities
-     Trail     Work
     MEMBER PAGES*
-     Member's Calendar*
-     Activity Schedule*
-     Info for Members*
-     Info for Leaders*
-     Publications*
*     Password Protected	     
       	    
    	    
 
This Site Sponsored by
 Our Corporate Partners
 and	 

The Colorado Mountain Club Supports the 
Colorado Fourteeners Initiative and Leave No Trace. 	

This page created and maintained by Keith Jensen. Last Modified September 18, 2003.

var sc_project=227224; 

