Welcome Text & Search Project & Support Links & Guest book 18 January 2004 - Downloading the physics textbook A hike beyond space and time along the concepts of modern physics Benvenuti Bienvenida Bienvenue Boasvindas Üdvözlet Selamat Datang Tervetuloa Vitajte Welkom Willkommen How does one empty a bottle as rapidly as possible? What are the highest force and power in nature? How does one connect water pipes to a turning wheel? What are the dangers of a can of beans? What is the one single page of unsolved problems in fundamental physics? This physics textbook with 1000 pages, on the undergraduate level, is written to be entertaining , surprising and challenging on every page. It provides a structured introduction to classical physics, relativity, quantum theory, and the present unification attempts. At the same time it provides the best known physical quizzes and physical curiosities. Over 500 solved challenges, 300 figures and 80 tables are included. The text is free - under two conditions: that you do not charge money to others for anything containing any part of the text and that you send an email to m m @ m&#111;ti&#111; n m&#111; unt&#97;in . n&#101;t with comments on the sections you looked at. In return, I will answer every mail; for a mail with good suggestions you will be mentioned in the acknowledgments, or receive a reward, or both. Download the full Motion Mountain physics textbook as a single 17 MB pdf file . Separate chapters can be downloaded below. The maximum force principle is explained here , its consequences for unification, together with the speed and action limit, here . Note: both files are not yet included in the full text file. This is the 14th revision, of September 2003, with over 1000 pages in Acrobat Reader format. Copyright © Christoph Schiller 1997 - 2004. You are not allowed to charge money for anything containing any part of this text; it was and remains free for everybody. All rights are reserved. Commercial reproduction, distribution, or use, in whole or in part, is not allowed without the written consent of the copyright owner. You can search through the text in several ways. Search for a topic: (Searches in section titles only) Read the short chapter summaries below. The table of contents is available in short and long form. There is a 50 page long subject and name index . If the full text does not download even after several attempts, try the other of the two web sites: www.motionmountain.net/contents.html or www.dse.nl/motionmountain/contents.html . If that does not work, try downloading the chapters separately (listed below). If a separate chapter file still does not download, send me an email. The files are all in Acrobat Reader format. Ghostscript/Ghostview cannot be used to read the files. To save a file on your computer, "right" click the link (or 'long' click it on the Mac) and choose "Save this Link as...". --> THE SEPARATE CHAPTER FILES START OF THE TEXT - The reasons and the fun studying motion Detailed table of contents, foreword, appetizer - ca. 23 pages, 270 kB (the contents are also available as fast short and long HTML versions) Top FIRST PART - CLASSICAL PHYSICS - How do things and images move? In which the experience of hiking and other everyday motion leads us to introduce for their description the concepts of velocity, time, length, mass and charge, as well as action, field and manifold, which allow us to understand among others why we have legs instead of wheels, how empty space can be bent, wobble and move, what s-ex has to do with magnets and amber, and why we can see the stars. Galilean physics , including all motions of the floor and of the earth, including numerous everyday life puzzles - ca. 112 pages, 2.8 MB Global descriptions of motion , including the importance of measuring change, discovering symmetries and feeling temperature, as well as many puzzles - ca. 75 pages, 1.1 MB Special relativity with all its fun and paradoxes, including the experimental data and Einstein's predecessor Olinto de Pretto - ca. 60 pages, 800 kB Maximum force: a simple principle encompassing general relativity : The theory of special relativity is based on the existence of a maximum speed in nature, and all its results can be deduced from this limit value. In a similar way, general relativity, including the cosmological constant, can be based on a maximum force in nature. Its value is given by c^4/4G. This makes general relativity accessible to secondary school students. The conditions for the validity of the limit are specified. It is shown that it is impossible to exceed the limit in nature. It is further shown that the maximum force is reached only on horizons. This connection allows to deduce all of general relativity from the force limit value and suggests new tests of the theory - ca. 20 pages, 140 kB Gravitation and general relativity : motion of the vacuum, maximum force and maximum power, black holes, the history of the universe and the reasons we can see the stars - ca. 120 pages, 2.5 MB Classical electrodynamics , including liquid electricity, light, levitation, puzzles, a summary of classical physics and the future of planet earth - ca. 72 pages, 1.8 MB Intermezzo: The brain, language and the human condition : why and how humans can talk about nature, including information on memory, lies, sets, surreal numbers and infinity. In addition, it includes the fun of talking with precision, in particular on creation, on existence of the universe and on apes' views of the anthropic principle - ca. 70 pages, 550 kB Top SECOND PART - QUANTUM THEORY - What is matter? What are interactions? Where the existence of a minimal amount of change is deduced, implying that motion is fuzzy, that matter is not permanent, that boxes are never tight, that matter is composed of elementary units and that light and interactions are streams of particles, thus explaining why antimatter exists, why the floor does not fall, why it keeps on carrying us, why particles are unlike condoms, why empty space pulls mirrors together and why the stars shine. Quantum theory: motion of photons and particles : the essence of the quantum world - ca. 40 pages, 450 kB Permutation of particles : what they have in common with condoms, cups and belts - ca. 15 pages, 230 kB Probabilities in quantum theory : a down-to-earth approach, including the issue of the wavefunction of the universe - ca. 22 pages, 230 kB Applications of quantum theory to biology, pleasure increase and material science: how the senses work and how we can look through mountains - first short version, ca. 10 pages, 180 kB An introduction to quantum electrodynamics and the quantum theory of gravity , explaining the relation between ships and vacuum energy, between gravity and temperature, as well as the ultimate physics exam. Includes the bibliographical references for quantum theory - ca. 26 pages, 330 kB The nucleus: why physicians like it, why stars shine and why reactors are so expensive - first version with ca. 40 pages, 1.6 MB --> Not yet - Stepping stones: --> advanced quantum theory - ca. 25 pages Quantum theory in a nutshell , including all the open questions of modern physics on one page, a discussion of the anthropic principle and everything that apes and humans have in common - ca. 14 pages, 160 kB Intermezzo: bacteria, flies, knots and clouds: what they tell about motion - ca. 20 pages, 650 kB Top THIRD PART - MOTION WITHOUT MOTION - What are space, time and particles? Where through the combination of quantum mechanics and general relativity, the top of Motion Mountain is reached, showing that vacuum is indistinguishable from matter, that space, time and mass are easily confused, that there is no difference between the very large and the very small, and that the complete description of motion is possible. (Well, wait a few more years for the last item.) General relativity versus quantum mechanics: Does vacuum differ from matter? No! A discussion of the implications of quantum theory and general relativity at Planck scales, with experimental predictions - ca. 32 pages, 350 kB Nature at large scales - Is the universe something or nothing? Speculative thoughts about the answer, about duality, and a solution to Hilbert's sixth problem. - ca. 22 pages, 240 kB The physics of s-ex - a summary of the first two and a half parts . Physics for adults and those on the way - ca. 11 pages, 130 kB Physics in limit statements - how to summarize most of modern physics in a handful of statements and explain quantum theory and general relativity to secondary school students. The statements imply a bound for every physical observable, from acceleration to size; the precise limit values differ from the usual Planck values by a numerical factor. A minimum length implies that measurements precision is limited and that the non-continuity of space-time is an inevitable result of the unification of quantum theory and relativity. A minimum length also implies the non-existence of point particles, the impossibility to describe nature as a set and the solution of Hilbert's sixth problem. Most interesting, we deduce criteria allowing to select the correct unified description of nature - ca. 16 pages, 160kB. The shape of points: arguing that space is not made of points and that elementary particles are not point-like. First hints for an improved description - ca. 30 pages, 250kB --> Not yet - Supersymmetry, strings, quantum gravity and M theory --> --> Not yet - The top of Motion Mountain --> Top APPENDIX - Reference information useful for mountain ascents and other adventures. Notation and conventions : 3000 years of mathematical notation in ca. 12 pages and 160 kB Measurements, units and constants : from the French Revolution to the drive for more digits. The various units used in the physical sciences, the official and the unofficial SI prefixes (xenno, weko, vendeko, udeko), plus all physical constants necessary for mountain ascents - ca. 16 pages, 220 kB Particles : how to distinguish them when you see them. Tables of elementary particles, mesons, baryons and of many of their composites, including the periodic table of the elements and a table of the element's use, history and properties - ca. 15 pages, 150 kB Numbers and spaces : quizzes, fun and information on quaternions, other number systems and algebras - ca. 25 pages, 250 kB Information sources and web sites on motion, solutions to most challenges , as well as the list of tables and figures - ca. 58 pages, 800 kB Clickable subject and name index ca. 52 pages, 1.7 MB Top Copyright © Christoph Schiller, 1997 - 2004. All rights reserved. Commercial reproduction, distribution or use, in whole or in part, is not allowed without the written consent of the copyright owner. You are not allowed to charge money for anything containing any part of this text; it was and remains free for everybody. visits to this page since 1997.   --> 

 	 	  	  	 
 	  	   Welcome	 Text & Search	 Project & Support	 Links & Guest book	 18 January 2004 	 	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
 	 	 	 	
   	  	  
 

 
      - Downloading the physics textbook 

A hike beyond space and time along the concepts of modern physics 

  	

  Benvenuti 
  Bienvenida 
  Bienvenue 
  Boasvindas 
  Üdvözlet 
  Selamat Datang 
  Tervetuloa 
  Vitajte 
  Welkom 
  Willkommen 	 	 
 	  	 

  	 	 
 	  	 

How does one empty a bottle as rapidly as possible? What are the highest force and power in nature? How does one connect water pipes to a turning wheel? What are the dangers of a can of beans? What is the one single page of unsolved problems in fundamental physics? This physics textbook with 1000 pages, on the undergraduate level, is written to be entertaining, surprising and challenging on every page. It provides a structured introduction to classical physics, relativity, quantum theory, and the present unification attempts. At the same time it provides the best known physical quizzes and physical curiosities. Over 500 solved challenges, 300 figures and 80 tables are included. 

The text is free - under two conditions: that you do not charge money to others for anything containing any part of the text and that you send an email to mm @ m&#111;ti&#111;n m&#111;unt&#97;in . n&#101;t with comments on the sections you looked at. In return, I will answer every mail; for a mail with good suggestions you will be mentioned in the acknowledgments, or receive a reward, or both. 

Download the full Motion Mountain physics textbook as a single 17 MB pdf file. Separate chapters can be downloaded below.

The maximum force principle is explained here, its consequences for unification, together with the speed and action limit, here. Note: both files are not yet included in the full text file. 

This is the 14th revision, of September 2003, with over 1000 pages in Acrobat Reader format. Copyright © Christoph Schiller 1997 - 2004. You are not allowed to charge money for anything containing any part of this text; it was and remains free for everybody. All rights are reserved. Commercial reproduction, distribution, or use, in whole or in part, is not allowed without the written consent of the copyright owner. 

You can search through the text in several ways. 
* Search for a topic:       (Searches in section titles only) 
* Read the short chapter summaries below. 
* The table of contents is available in short and long form. 
* There is a 50 page long subject and name index. 

If the full text does not download even after several attempts, try the other of the two web sites: www.motionmountain.net/contents.html or www.dse.nl/motionmountain/contents.html. If that does not work, try downloading the chapters separately (listed below). If a separate chapter file still does not download, send me an email. The files are all in Acrobat Reader format. Ghostscript/Ghostview cannot be used to read the files. To save a file on your computer, "right" click the link (or 'long' click it on the Mac) and choose "Save this Link as...". 

 
 

THE SEPARATE CHAPTER FILES 

 
 
START OF THE TEXT - The reasons and the fun studying motion 

Detailed table of contents, foreword, appetizer - ca. 23 pages, 270 kB (the contents are also available as fast short and long HTML versions) Top 

FIRST PART - CLASSICAL PHYSICS - How do things and images move? 
In which the experience of hiking and other everyday motion leads us to introduce for their description the concepts of velocity, time, length, mass and charge, as well as action, field and manifold, which allow us to understand among others why we have legs instead of wheels, how empty space can be bent, wobble and move, what s-ex has to do with magnets and amber, and why we can see the stars. 

Galilean physics, including all motions of the floor and of the earth, including numerous everyday life puzzles - ca. 112 pages, 2.8 MB 

Global descriptions of motion, including the importance of measuring change, discovering symmetries and feeling temperature, as well as many puzzles - ca. 75 pages, 1.1 MB 

Special relativity with all its fun and paradoxes, including the experimental data and Einstein's predecessor Olinto de Pretto - ca. 60 pages, 800 kB 

Maximum force: a simple principle encompassing general relativity: The theory of special relativity is based on the existence of a maximum speed in nature, and all its results can be deduced from this limit value. In a similar way, general relativity, including the cosmological constant, can be based on a maximum force in nature. Its value is given by c^4/4G. This makes general relativity accessible to secondary school students. The conditions for the validity of the limit are specified. It is shown that it is impossible to exceed the limit in nature. It is further shown that the maximum force is reached only on horizons. This connection allows to deduce all of general relativity from the force limit value and suggests new tests of the theory - ca. 20 pages, 140 kB 

Gravitation and general relativity: motion of the vacuum, maximum force and maximum power, black holes, the history of the universe and the reasons we can see the stars - ca. 120 pages, 2.5 MB 

Classical electrodynamics, including liquid electricity, light, levitation, puzzles, a summary of classical physics and the future of planet earth - ca. 72 pages, 1.8 MB 

Intermezzo: The brain, language and the human condition: why and how humans can talk about nature, including information on memory, lies, sets, surreal numbers and infinity. In addition, it includes the fun of talking with precision, in particular on creation, on existence of the universe and on apes' views of the anthropic principle - ca. 70 pages, 550 kB Top 

SECOND PART - QUANTUM THEORY - What is matter? What are interactions? 
Where the existence of a minimal amount of change is deduced, implying that motion is fuzzy, that matter is not permanent, that boxes are never tight, that matter is composed of elementary units and that light and interactions are streams of particles, thus explaining why antimatter exists, why the floor does not fall, why it keeps on carrying us, why particles are unlike condoms, why empty space pulls mirrors together and why the stars shine. 

Quantum theory: motion of photons and particles: the essence of the quantum world - ca. 40 pages, 450 kB 

Permutation of particles: what they have in common with condoms, cups and belts - ca. 15 pages, 230 kB 

Probabilities in quantum theory: a down-to-earth approach, including the issue of the wavefunction of the universe - ca. 22 pages, 230 kB 

Applications of quantum theory to biology, pleasure increase and material science: how the senses work and how we can look through mountains - first short version, ca. 10 pages, 180 kB 

An introduction to quantum electrodynamics and the quantum theory of gravity, explaining the relation between ships and vacuum energy, between gravity and temperature, as well as the ultimate physics exam. Includes the bibliographical references for quantum theory - ca. 26 pages, 330 kB 

The nucleus: why physicians like it, why stars shine and why reactors are so expensive - first version with ca. 40 pages, 1.6 MB 

Not yet - Stepping stones: advanced quantum theory - ca. 25 pages 

Quantum theory in a nutshell, including all the open questions of modern physics on one page, a discussion of the anthropic principle and everything that apes and humans have in common - ca. 14 pages, 160 kB 

Intermezzo: bacteria, flies, knots and clouds: what they tell about motion - ca. 20 pages, 650 kB Top 

THIRD PART - MOTION WITHOUT MOTION - What are space, time and particles? 
Where through the combination of quantum mechanics and general relativity, the top of Motion Mountain is reached, showing that vacuum is indistinguishable from matter, that space, time and mass are easily confused, that there is no difference between the very large and the very small, and that the complete description of motion is possible. (Well, wait a few more years for the last item.) 

General relativity versus quantum mechanics: Does vacuum differ from matter? No! A discussion of the implications of quantum theory and general relativity at Planck scales, with experimental predictions - ca. 32 pages, 350 kB 

Nature at large scales - Is the universe something or nothing? Speculative thoughts about the answer, about duality, and a solution to Hilbert's sixth problem. - ca. 22 pages, 240 kB 

The physics of s-ex - a summary of the first two and a half parts. Physics for adults and those on the way - ca. 11 pages, 130 kB 

Physics in limit statements - how to summarize most of modern physics in a handful of statements and explain quantum theory and general relativity to secondary school students. The statements imply a bound for every physical observable, from acceleration to size; the precise limit values differ from the usual Planck values by a numerical factor. A minimum length implies that measurements precision is limited and that the non-continuity of space-time is an inevitable result of the unification of quantum theory and relativity. A minimum length also implies the non-existence of point particles, the impossibility to describe nature as a set and the solution of Hilbert's sixth problem. Most interesting, we deduce criteria allowing to select the correct unified description of nature - ca. 16 pages, 160kB. 

The shape of points: arguing that space is not made of points and that elementary particles are not point-like. First hints for an improved description - ca. 30 pages, 250kB 

Not yet - Supersymmetry, strings, quantum gravity and M theory 

Not yet - The top of Motion Mountain Top 

APPENDIX - Reference information useful for mountain ascents and other adventures. 

Notation and conventions: 3000 years of mathematical notation in ca. 12 pages and 160 kB 

Measurements, units and constants: from the French Revolution to the drive for more digits. The various units used in the physical sciences, the official and the unofficial SI prefixes (xenno, weko, vendeko, udeko), plus all physical constants necessary for mountain ascents - ca. 16 pages, 220 kB 

Particles: how to distinguish them when you see them. Tables of elementary particles, mesons, baryons and of many of their composites, including the periodic table of the elements and a table of the element's use, history and properties - ca. 15 pages, 150 kB 

Numbers and spaces: quizzes, fun and information on quaternions, other number systems and algebras - ca. 25 pages, 250 kB 

Information sources and web sites on motion, solutions to most challenges, as well as the list of tables and figures - ca. 58 pages, 800 kB 

Clickable subject and name index ca. 52 pages, 1.7 MB Top 

 
 Copyright © Christoph Schiller, 1997 - 2004. All rights reserved. Commercial reproduction, distribution or use, in whole or in part, is not allowed without the written consent of the copyright owner. You are not allowed to charge money for anything containing any part of this text; it was and remains free for everybody. 

 
   visits to this page since 1997. 

  

 	 
