Subscribe today for our free electronic notification service for journal tables of contents and new product announcements delivered straight to your desktop. Outstanding Academic Titles of 2003 as selected by CHOICE History of Industrial Gases Archaeological Survey The Guenons: Diversity and Adaptation in African Monkeys Kluwer has launched a new eBook platform . Take a site tour, get subscription information, and more. Congratulations to Dr. Vitaly Ginzburg, member of the editorial board of Journal of Superconductivity and Radiophysics and Quantum Electronics and to Dr. Anthony Leggett, who share the Nobel prize in physics for work on superconductivity and superfluidity . Gain access to critical Russian research via Neuroscience and Behavioral Physiology ...Kluwer is the world's largest publisher and distributor of cover-to-cover translations of Russian STM journals. As of 2004 Journal of Business Ethics will incorporate `International Journal of Value-Based Management' as well as `Teaching Business Ethics'. Journal of Materials Science: Materials in Medicine, Official Journal of the European Society for Biomaterials, will announce the 2002 Best Paper Award at the 18th European Conference on Biomaterials. Email materials@wkap.com for details. Free Access to all online content of these 6 top journals: Plant Molecular Biology Plant and Soil Conservation Genetics Irrigation and Drainage Systems Landscape Ecology European Journal of Plant Pathology Copyright ©2003 Kluwer. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy .   -->  

 	  

Title
 
Authors
 
Affiliation
 
ISBN
 
ISSN
 
 	    	

Advanced Search	  	

Search Tips	  	

Browse by Subject	  	

Kluwer Online	  	

Journals	  	

Books	  	

Looseleafs	  	

CD ROMs	  	

Kluwer Alert	  	

New & Forthcoming Titles	  	

Authors	  	

Booksellers	  	

Libraries	  	

Partners	  	

Subscribe today for our free electronic notification service for journal tables of contents and new product announcements delivered straight to your desktop. 

Outstanding Academic Titles of 2003 as selected by CHOICE   
   
* History of Industrial Gases    
* Archaeological Survey    
* The Guenons: Diversity and Adaptation in African Monkeys   
 		

Kluwer has launched a new eBook platform.  Take a site tour, get subscription information, and more. 		

Congratulations to Dr. Vitaly Ginzburg, member of the editorial board of Journal of Superconductivity and Radiophysics and Quantum Electronics and to Dr. Anthony Leggett, who share the Nobel prize in physics for work on superconductivity and superfluidity.	 	

Gain access to critical Russian research via Neuroscience and Behavioral Physiology ...Kluwer is the world's largest publisher and distributor of cover-to-cover translations of Russian STM journals.	 	

As of 2004 Journal of Business Ethics will incorporate `International Journal of Value-Based Management' as well as `Teaching Business Ethics'.	 	

Journal of Materials Science: Materials in Medicine, Official Journal of the European Society for Biomaterials, will announce the 2002 Best Paper Award at the 18th European Conference on Biomaterials. Email materials@wkap.com for details.	 	

Free Access to all online content of these 6 top journals:
 

* Plant Molecular Biology 
* Plant and Soil 
* Conservation Genetics 
* Irrigation and Drainage Systems 
* Landscape Ecology 
* European Journal of Plant Pathology 

 	 
 	 	 	
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
 
  	  Copyright ©2003 Kluwer. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.	 
 	 	
