
 
 	 
      
    	      
    	                       	    	   
            
                          
                
        	                                 	                	                       
        	              
                
        	                                 	                	                      

Extreme Makeover!
        Welcome to the new look and feel of Merriam-Webster OnLine! We've taken your comments and suggestions to heart and given your favorite online dictionary a facelift for the new year. All our classic features are spruced up and easier to access than ever before. And you'll want to check out the new Real Time Words here on the homepage, and download the great new arrivals in the Word Games section!
        

In a Feeding Frenzy for More Words?
        Is your insatiable appetite for words gnawing away at you? Get fast relief by subscribing to Merriam-Webster Unabridged.com! With more than one million entries, it's the most comprehensive language information resource available online! Feed Here.
         

Go Ahead. Make Your Day.
        Trigger your language reflex and join the thousands who start their mornings with a shot of Merriam-Webster's free Word of the Day.

Word of the Day:
    
          
                      
                                 more...    subscribe	              
            	         
    
            
                         
                Home(page)
Improvement
         Look up words instantly from anywhere on the Web with our free
         Merriam-Webster
Online Toolbar
        	              
            	         
    
            
                         
                Play Chicken
         Check out "Fowl Words" &ndash; one of the new free downloadable games egging you on at
         Word Games
        	              
         	         
    
            
                       
                
        14-day Free Trial
         	           
         	        
    
          	    	      
    	     
  
        
        Products     Premium Services     Company Info     Contact Us     Advertising Info     Privacy Policy	       
    
  	 	  
  	 

