1995-2003 © Content and format AHG, Inc.   --> 

 	 	

  	
    For all your business documents and sales collateral needs we recommend   Delta L Printing     
---------------------------------------------------------------------
    Alex Heiphetz Group is a seven     year old software development and consulting company specializing     in the following:
     
* Business-to-Business ordering systems for manufacturers and     wholesalers including integration of these systems with the     ERP / database. Our popular Double DiamondÂ™     system is a good foundation for almost any e-commerce product.     
* Based on our extensive experience in XML and     web services programming, we developed     Yukon™     (Universal Connector) - a handy tool allowing you     to exchange data with your customers and vendors, distribute data     among affiliated sites and your customers, as well as to tie your     business systems into an e-commerce software.     
* AHG programmers have deep understanding and specific experience working     with a variety of databases - Oracle, MS SQL, DB/400, MySQL and other.     Our narrow specialty is system integration involving disparate databases,     integration with web applications and e-commerce. We also have     hands-on experience in a wide range of projects     including data modeling, database design and query optimization.         
        From the moment we started business in 1995, we knew that it is not     about servers or binary code. It has always been about your business.         

Dr. Alexander Heiphetz, company founder and president brought     together a group of highly experienced software and business     professionals. Our mission is to make your business more profitable     by drastically reducing your costs and making it easier and more     productive for your customers to do business with you.     

 

Resources	 
                  
      For
       Digital Printing
       Short Runs
       Print On-Demand
       Online Ordering
       VHS to DVD Conversion
      visit deltaLprinting.com
             	      
            Enterprise Computing: Do You Need Web Services?
      Based on AHG real-life experience, this white paper discusses       capabilities of the Web Services technologies, potential problems, as       well as solutions and resulting benefits of Web Services       implementation for a variety of AHG customers.       

Download       
---------------------------------------------------------------------
            B2B e-commerce - decreasing implementation       pains       

This white paper discusses challenges of B2B e-commerce implementation, such as       making b2b e-commerce system work within existing       business model, integration with current database/ERP system,       compliance with the company business rules and offers possible       solutions.       

Download 	
News	 
10/15/02 - State College, PA. AHG, Inc. became Development Partner of MicrosoftÂ® Great PlainsÂ®. Now, along with sales and services we offer customization of the Great PlainsÂ® / Small Business Manager, as well as additional programs and integration with web applications. 	

1995-2003 © Content and format AHG, Inc.	 

 

