Regional... Moving day - or week - nears for Hixon House Ugh!: The benefit of disgust Behavior therapy offers pill-free way to get shut-eye Etiquette Q & A: About the ceremony Ask Stacy MotoCycling: 2004 Suzuki GSX-R1000 GOLF BEAT: Don't look far for golf gifts   --> 

Navigation...	 
News	    
Sports	    
Opinion	 
Obituaries	 
Features	 
School	    
Police Blotter	 
Weather	    
Archive Search	 
Browse Issues	    
Photo Gallery	    
Newsstand Locations	    
Regional... 	
Year on the River	    
Best of River Valley	    
Business Report	    
Auto News	    
Dining & Ent.	    
Health & Wellness	    
Home & Garden	    
Our Time	    
Strictly Golf	    
Wedding Planner	  
Advertiser Directory	    
Search... 	   
 

ARCHIVE SEARCH:
 
    Advanced Search?     	

---------------------------------------------------------------------

WEB SEARCH:
 	

Help... 	
Advertise Online	 
Requests	    
Contact Us	    
Privacy Policy	    
Disclaimer	    
Copyright	    
Links... 	
La Crosse Tribune	 
Winona Daily News	    
The Chronicle	    
Coulee News	    
Onalaska Life	    
Tomah Journal	    
Vernon Broadcaster	    
Westby Times	    
Foxxy Shopper	 

E-mail woes hit newspaper
In the course of moving to a new office in West Salem, e-mail communication at the Holmen Courier's usual address was cut off prematurely. Until this situation is remedied, either with a new e-mail address or restoration of our old address, please send any e-mail for the newspaper to my personal account at randy.erickson@lee.net. I apologize for any frustration or inconvenience the e-mail problem has caused.
 
* Carbon monoxide is quiet killer
 
* County considers recycling program
 
* Board sticks with plan for single-family homes	 

Avalanche game ends in tragedy
With his team trailing 3-0 against a one-win team, Holmen/Aquinas/Gale-Ettrick-Trempealeau hockey coach Tim Markgren was not happy with his team's play in the first period of their game at Viroqua Jan. 15 and was letting them know about it. That first period became completely inconsequential in the next few minutes, however, as word came about the collapse of Viroqua forward Jeff Doan in his locker room between periods. Doan was taken to a local hospital, but attempts to revive him were not successful. The game was canceled and will not be resumed.
 
* Gymnasts repeat at McLellan
 
* Switch to zone yields boys win over Onalaska
 
* Girls remain unbeaten in MVC	 

Chaos has new meaning after move
It is not often that I am at a loss for words.
 	

Holmen student places in turkey stamp contest
Artists might think their work is never quite finished - but sometimes they need someone to tell them when to quit. And apparently, for Holmen High School junior Brandon Page, that someone is art teacher Liz Wucherer.
 
* Onalaska graduate is grateful to be alive
 
* Lithuanian family is happy to call Brice Prairie home
 
* New Krispy Kreme shop prepares for big rollout	 

Obituaries for January 23, 2004
Mary A. Dolbier; Rita Ethel Spedl; Elaine C. Stratman; Ella A. Powell; Lloyd D. Schauble; Ronald M. Herbert Sr.; Orval J. Bertling; Robert Jerome Elsen; Audrey Barge	 

Brandon Page, a junior at Holmen High School, works earlier this week on a painting of a group of ducks coming in for a landing in a Lake Onalaska backwater. Page recently found out one of his other works, a painting of five wild turkeys grazing in a Wisconsin cornfield, placed third in the Wild Turkey Federation Wisconsin chapter&#146s annual Junior Wild Turkey Stamp competition. 
Photo by Darin Zank 	

* City owed $700,000 in unpaid parking tickets 

* Winona looks for bonding bill help in key areas 

* 

* E-mail woes hit newspaper 

* Resident blasts BRF School District for special education failures 

* E-mail woes hit newspaper 

* City and police union reach tentative agreement 

* Liberty Pole school closing discussed 

* Crowd walks out on Coon Valley board 

 Advertisement 	   
OAS_RICH('x01') // End hiding --> 	  

 	   
 	   
Regional...	   
  
 
Moving day - or week - nears for Hixon House 	
Ugh!: The benefit of disgust 	
Behavior therapy offers pill-free way to get shut-eye 	
Etiquette Q & A: About the ceremony 	
Ask Stacy 	
MotoCycling: 2004 Suzuki GSX-R1000 	
GOLF BEAT: Don't look far for golf gifts 	 	

