News  A Tribute to John W. Tukey You are invited to add to our Tribute Site honoring John and his tremendous contributions to science. --> A Tribute to John W. Tukey  You are invited to add to our site honoring John and his tremendous contributions to science. Job Opportunities  We have excellent opportunities for talented people.  Current graduate students may be interested in internships and fellowships for 2004. Search  Still can't find it? Try our search facility. Contact Information  Statistics and Data Mining Research c/o Diane Lambert , Head Bell Laboratories Room 2c-256 Murray Hill, NJ 07974   --> 

Welcome 	
 	 Statistics research at Bell Labs is part of Mathematical  Sciences research, and also part of Computer Science research via  a "dotted-line" relation. Our tradition of fundamental research driven by real-world applications goes back to Walter Shewhart and John Tukey. Today, by continuing to focus on data from a host of challenging applications, we are working on new ways to think about, look at, and compute with data. 	

People 	
 	Department Members 	
 	Visitors, Former Members, Summer Students 	

Research 	
 	Technical Reports. Recent papers cover distributed computing, network traffic analysis, fraud detection and model selection. 	
 	Some Projects. Our work ranges from pure methodology to application-driven research. 	
 	Software. Our contributions continue in the tradition that produced the S language, combining fundamental research with application software. 	

A Tribute to John W. Tukey 	
 	You are invited to add to our site honoring John and his tremendous contributions to science. 		

Job Opportunities 	
 	We have excellent opportunities for talented people. 	
	 Current graduate students may be interested in internships and fellowships for 2004. 	

Search 	
	 Still can't find it? Try our search facility. 	

Contact Information 	
 	Statistics and Data Mining Research
 c/o Diane Lambert, Head
 Bell Laboratories
 Room 2c-256
 Murray Hill, NJ 07974	 

