

Worldwide Travel Guide - Meet Locals, Get Insider Tips, Check Hotels, Flights & more

	

VIRTUALTOURIST:   	

Travel Guides	HotelsFlights Auctions Meet TravelersForums	

  	

Search for: 
Places	 Members	
Keywords	> Advanced	

 Join For Free!	
 Member Login	

VIRTUALTOURIST...
 Members	
 Forum	
 Chat	
 Meetings & Events	
 Travel Tools	
 Help	
TRAVEL RESOURCES...
 Hotels	
 Flights	
 Vacations	
 Car Rentals	
 Cruises	
   	 

Choose A Destination:

2,271,097 Travel Destinations and Tourist Spots

Show Me	

TIPS BY MEMBERS

- Hotels & Accommodations

- Must See Activities

- Restaurants

- General Tips

- Nightlife

- Off The Beaten Path

- Tourist Traps

- Warnings Or Dangers

- Transportation

- Local Customs

- Packing Lists

- Shopping

- Sports Travel

TOP 5 PAGES

NEWEST PAGES

ALL RATED PAGES

FORUM (MESSAGE BOARD)

MEMBERS

In	

Paris

London

New York City

Amsterdam

Prague

Rome

Barcelona

San Francisco

Venice

Vienna

Las Vegas

Bangkok

Sydney

Istanbul

Berlin

Madrid

Brussels

Florence

Beijing

Budapest

search for a location

See Travel Tips From Members	730,382 Travel Tips and 1,118,056 Travel Pictures	

Send Picture as a PostCard.
 > Varanasi by nepalgoodsGanges River
"To have a bath in the Ganges River means for the Hingus, that they clean themselfes from all their sins. Specially in Varanasi a bath in the Ganges means, that your rebirth will be in a healthy and..."	Send Picture as a PostCard.
 > Singapore by phil_uk_netSingapore History Museum
"I really enjoyed this museum. The reason is that it gives just the right amount of information and presents the information in an interesting way. There are a number of display cases showing scenes..."	
Members			

mr.jacob  Lives In Toronto	
Click to enlarge.

hey, whats up	
mr.jacob's Travel Map

Create Your Own Travel Map!	

What's Happening on VT Now?	Total of 419,537 Members with 151 online	

Newest Tips		1200 Tips in the last 24 hours	
> Joemidwest just updated a Hotel/Accommodation Tip on Amsterdam
> misodiva just created a new Hotel/Accommodation Tip on Crete Island
> josecarlos just created a new Nightlife Tip on Italy
> advice_lexi just created a new Sports Travel Tip on Denver City
> grkboiler just updated a Must See Activity Tip on Sydney
> Joemidwest just updated a Hotel/Accommodation Tip on Amsterdam
> wvhillbilly just created a new Nightlife Tip on New Martinsville
> bryINpoland just created a new Local Custom Tip on Warsaw > See More New Tips

Newest Auction Bids			
> Yubert just placed a bid at the King George Hotel Auction in San Francisco
> flydoll just placed a bid at the King George Hotel Auction in San Francisco
> squirty just placed a bid at the Hotel Savoy Auction in Prague
> squirty just placed a bid at the Hotel Savoy Auction in Prague
> chik just placed a bid at the Hotel Savoy Auction in Prague
> rcohen1022 just placed a bid at the The Bernards Inn Auction in Bernardsville
> chik just placed a bid at the Hotel Savoy Auction in Prague
> giuliano123 just placed a bid at the Hotel Astor Auction in Viareggio > See VT Auctions

Newest Discussions		570 new Postings in the last 24 hours	
> alfredop just replied in the Mexico City Forum:   "Re: Re: mexico city"
> thelittlevoice just replied in the Bangkok Forum:   "Re: Re: FOOD LOFT, 7th floor, Central Chidlom"
> chris_i79 just replied in the Mexico City Forum:   "Re: Re: mexico city"
> alfredop just replied in the Mexico Forum:   "Re: Re: Language and identity"
> Richmond just replied in the Mexico City Forum:   "Re: mexico city"
> gaviotaportenia just replied in the Buenos Aires Forum:   "Re: Etoile Hotel"
> alfredop just replied in the Mexico Forum:   "Re: Re: Language and identity"
> StefanosS just replied in the Athens Forum:   "Re: URGENT !!! Hotels in Athens" > See Discussion Forum

Newest Comments		1058 new Comments in the last 24 hours	
> demonia just commented on RobDavis's HomePage:   "Tee hee hee, you better watch what you feed that..."
> Voyageuse30 just commented on wctryltd's Paris Page:   "Thank you for your nice thoughts on my page. I..."
> tpangelinan just commented on ktobias's Wilmington Page:   "Good start, look forward to more! :o)"
> Bwana_Brown just commented on kenmerk's Pyramids of Giza Page:   "Yes indeed, it is difficult to resist the allure..."
> grishaV1 just commented on guell's Amsterdam Page:   "i want to go to amsterdam for many reasons, so..."
> Darby2 just commented on Annastasia's HomePage:   "Sorry, no Mars Bars yet...Would Godiva chocolates..."
> chris_i79 just commented on tini58de's Peru Page:   "I love the Pisak Market photo. It is exactly how I..."
> ddevito just commented on tini58de's Wyoming Page:   "To me, Wyoming is just a whole lot of nothing. I..." > See More New Comments

New Members		327 new Members in the last 24 hours	

Say 'HELLO' to: ncthreatt  , Gremboid  , zac12345  , nickiehall  , ki2urhrt , Cincinnati1313  , rienzie   , rodlima   , stevenatl   , chiquita70466  , mmcarr   , middlefairway   , aliparrobgra   , alexmz  , sandiegoman  , parabill  , ktgirl , wvhillbilly   , Perron  , Dino1234 	

Today's Birthdays		Celebrate with 462 of our members today!	

Click to enlarge.

Thuringia  
lives in Weimar
born January 25, 1953	Click to enlarge.

Julz100 
lives in Thailand
born January 25, 1965	
Click to enlarge.

chicadj 
lives in Hellevoetsluis
born January 25, 1985	Click to enlarge.

Zap-b 
lives in Dublin
born January 25, 1977	
 > See Full Birthdays List

VT Community News			

Click picture to enlarge.

January 12, 2004

Do they know something that you don?t know??? 

We have had an onslaught of new members who have primarily joined VT to take advantage of our auctions. Said one new couple, "we only take auction vacations. The places and deals can not be beat; and VirtualTourist offered one of our favorite spots for the best price yet. This will be our 11th auction trip. 

And what about some testimony from a veteran member, on returning from her auction get-away, bruingirl was so excited about her package, she couldn't wait to tell about it in the forum - See "VT Auctions are AWESOME!!!!!" 

We love bringing new and fantastic features to our community...so we're loving the the input and feedback from all the lucky winners --- keep it coming!!!!

---------------------------------------------------------------------

And don't forget...

Next time you're on the road (or even just at home) send us a postcard. Click here for our mailing address and to see more community news items. Want to share some community news? Drop us a note at feedback@vtourist.com

Your VT Staff

Featured Forum			
 thelittlevoice asks
about Bangkok:

vt meeting"just thought i would post about this meeting again in case any newbie just joined and didn't see the old post and don't..." 
Read Posting
13 Replies so far.

 &gt World Forum     		

Featured Auction			

Next auction to close:King George Hotel
San Francisco, California
 
Auction Ends in
   16 hours, 48 minutes!
 
Retail Price is
   $238.00
 
Highest bid now is
   $100.00

 &gt VT Auctions     		

Photos			
 Keyword
 

In Destination
 

Photo Category

- Please Select -

People

Animals

Ocean/Beach

Mountain

Flowers/Foliage

Landscape

Architecture

Local People/Customs

Monument

Desert

Ice/Snow

City/Street Scene

Planes/Trains/Automobiles

Other

Upcoming Meeting			
 &gt Event Calendar     	
Next VT Member Meeting:
 
"Let's VT meeting"
January 27, 2004 in
Bangkok

Contest			

VT Travel Page Contest:
See the Results!	

 About VT | Site Tour | Advertising | Merchant Login | User Agreement | Privacy Statement
Virtual Tourist® ©1994-2003 VirtualTourist.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

