Scott C. Chase Key Centre of Design Computing and Cognition Department of Architectural and Design Science University of Sydney NSW 2006 Australia Email: Phone: Fax: scott@arch.usyd.edu.au +61 2 9351 2293 +61 2 9351 3031 Dr. Chase is a Senior Lecturer in Design Computing in the Faculty of Architecture at the University of Sydney . He is also affiliated with the Key Centre of Design Computing and Cognition in the Faculty. His interests lie in design grammars, logic based paradigms for design modelling, and standards development for design data models. Dr. Chase holds degrees in Architecture from MIT and UCLA. He has worked in the fields of CAD and computer graphics development at Bechtel Civil, IBM, and Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. He has been a researcher on the EDM project in product modeling at UCLA and the Technical University of Delft. Most recently, he was a National Research Council Postdoctoral Research Associate in the Manufacturing Engineering Laboratory at the National Institute of Standards and Technology . Dr. Chase has published papers in journals such as Environment and Planning B, Research in Engineering Design, Automation in Construction, AI EDAM, and the Journal of Mechanical Design. He is a member of ACM , ACADIA , IAI and Sigma Xi . Last modified on Tuesday, 17-Apr-2001 12:59:44 EST   --> 

Scott C. Chase

Key Centre of Design Computing and Cognition
 Department of Architectural and Design Science
 University of Sydney
 NSW 2006 Australia
 

Email:
Phone:
Fax:

scott@arch.usyd.edu.au
+61 2 9351 2293
 +61 2 9351 3031

Dr. Chase is a Senior Lecturer in Design Computing in the Faculty of Architecture at the University of Sydney. He is also affiliated with the Key Centre of Design Computing and Cognition in the Faculty. His interests lie in design grammars, logic based paradigms for design modelling, and standards development for design data models. Dr. Chase holds degrees in Architecture from MIT and UCLA. He has worked in the fields of CAD and computer graphics development at Bechtel Civil, IBM, and Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. He has been a researcher on the EDM project in product modeling at UCLA and the Technical University of Delft. Most recently, he was a National Research Council Postdoctoral Research Associate in the Manufacturing Engineering Laboratory at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Dr. Chase has published papers in journals such as Environment and Planning B, Research in Engineering Design, Automation in Construction, AI EDAM, and the Journal of Mechanical Design. He is a member of ACM, ACADIA, IAI and Sigma Xi.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Last modified on Tuesday, 17-Apr-2001 12:59:44 EST 