

Our final product is light 

 
 Best quality and long-lasting design are the requirements which we demand in the development and manufacture of our products. We intend our luminaires to be a perfect tool in design with light. They illuminate where necessary, expedient and useful - and where simply beautiful
 	

BEGA - a specialist lighting factory for luminaires	 

Luminaires which are primarily intended for outdoor use: for private and public buildings, for industry and sports halls. Indication and location luminaires, downlights, ceiling luminaires, pendant luminaires, luminaires in the light brick series, luminaires for house entrances, wall washers, small floodlights, illumination luminaires and portable garden luminaires. Floodlights and special luminaires to floodlight interior and exterior architecture. For use in sports facilities, gardens and landscaping. For all areas of underwater lighting. To illuminate paths, squares and streets - in gardens and cities..
 

BEGA is the partner for anyone planning and designing with light - a reliable and efficient supplier.

Outdoor luminaires are required to fulfil very high standards. They are subject to dirt, weather factors and extreme fluctuations in temperature. More than any other luminaires, they are required to withstand a high degree of wear and tear. Functional quality and good design are priority in our work. Only use as specified, specialist installation and maintenance guarantee operating reliability.

In order to achieve optimum corrosion-resistance, all aluminium components are chromatized, powder coated and painted with high-quality enamel. We supply our luminaires as specified in this catalogue in the colours black and white, and to special order also in any RAL colour. Luminaire poles with painted surface finish are supplied at the catalogue price in any RAL colour. Stainless steel surfaces are treated in accordance with their intended use.

Detailed technical information on our products is provided in BEGA Main Catalogue 27.

Our distributor will inform you how and where to source BEGA luminaires.
  
  	 
