    
      
       	     Can't find it?
   Try our search.
       &nbsp   	   
        NGA Home  | The Center |  Governors |  News Room | Site Index |  State/Federal Relations |  Multimedia 	  

First Visit to NGA Online?	      
     Learn about the National Governors Association and the NGA Center for Best Practices (in PDF).  

Signup for NGA's email newsletter.   	     

Latest Site Updates	  
            Child and Youth Well-Being Under Welfare Reform: State Policy Options 
   This issue brief highlights what some states have done since welfare reform to track and...   	    
            Child and Youth Well-Being Under Welfare Reform: Recent Research 
   How are children and youth faring since welfare reform? This issue brief reviews available research...   	    
            Briefing on the BRAC Process, January 22, 2004, 1:00-3:00pm 
   Under BRAC 2005, the Pentagon plans to close up to 25 percent of the nation's...   	    
            Rescuing the Health Workforce: Options for State Action 
   'Rescuing the Health Workforce: Options for State Action' explores state efforts in combating nursing and...   	    
            2004 State of the State Addresses 
   The nation's governors, much like the president, are required to report to their legislatures on...   	   

More Information	      
Careers/Internships	  
Corporate Fellows Program	  
NGA Policy Positions	  
NGA Reports Online	  
Sign up for NGA's email newsletter	  
Privacy Policy	 

Chairman's Intiative
 Gov. Kempthorne Launches Long-Term Care Agenda With National PBS Broadcast 	  

To begin a national dialogue among government leaders, the business community, and everyday Americans about ways to prepare for the nation's burgeoning aging population, Idaho Gov. Dirk Kempthorne kicked off his initiative as NGA chairman Dec. 10 with a nationally broadcast PBS program. 
Read More... 	    

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Education
 Governors' Forum On Quality Preschool Convenes in Orlando 	  

24 State and Territorial Teams Take Part in a National Conversation on Early Childhood Issues	   

The NGA Center for Best Practices, the nation's leading authority on state innovation, convened governors, lieutenant governors, first ladies, educators, policymakers, researchers, and business leaders to discuss access to affordable, high quality, convenient preschool, which, according to a recent national survey, is one of the most pressing issues in America today.
Read More... 	    

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Fiscal Survey of States
 State Budgets Not Out of the Woods Yet 	  

State Revenue Growth Still Slow, But Shows Signs of Recovery; Spending Remains Flat 	  

Despite signs that the national economy is recovering, many states continue to face pressure to balance their budgets amidst soaring health care costs and stagnant revenue growth, the National Governors Association and the National Association of State Budget Officers said in releasing a new survey. 
Read More... 	  

Hot Topics	  
2004 State of the State Addresses	  
The Fiscal Survey of States - Fall 2003 (in PDF)	 
2003 Chairman's Initiative	  
2003 NGA Annual Meeting	  
2003-2004 NGA Committee Listing	  
Homeland Security	  
The Streamlined Sales Tax Project 	

Regular Features	  
NGA Policy Positions	  
State Policy Issues
from the NGA Center for Best Practices	  
Letters	   

NGA News Releases	   
     January 12, 2004
    NGA Leadership
   Virginia Governor Mark Warner Named NGA Vice Chairman 	     
      	   
     December 15, 2003
    Education
   Governors' Forum On Quality Preschool Convenes in Orlando 	     
      	   
     December 09, 2003
    Chairman's Intiative
   Gov. Kempthorne Launches Long-Term Care Agenda With National PBS Broadcast 	   
More News 	

NGA Home  | The Center |  Governors |  News Room | Site Index |  State/Federal Relations |  Multimedia 	        
          National Governors Association, Hall of States, 444 N. Capitol St., Washington, D.C. 20001-1512
     Telephone (202) 624-5300 | webmaster email address: webmaster@nga.org      	       
  	 
