

Home
 Introduction
 Publications
 Calendar
 Meet Registration
 Membership
 Merchandise
 AACA Museum
 AACA Library
 Local Clubs
 Forums
 Photos
 Headquarters
 Junior AACA
 Legislation
 Judging
 Speakers Bureau
 Video/Films
 Meets and Tours
 Links
 Web Hosting
 2003 Officers
 Members Only
 Contact Us

______

AACA
 501 W. Governor Rd
 P.O. Box 417
 Hershey, PA 17033	 

Antique Automobile Club of America

The Antique Automobile Club of America, founded in 1935, is the world's largest automotive historical society with over 60,000 members and 400 regional clubs worldwide. The AACA is dedicated to perpetuating the memories of early automobiles by encouraging their history, collection and use.	 

68th Annual Meeting NEW!	 

The 68th Annual Meeting of the Antique Automobile Club of America will be help at the Wyndham Hotel in Philadelphia, PA on February 13 & 14th, 2004.  A preliminary detailed schedule of events can found here.

Application Form

AACA Tax Structure	 

Notice of Proposal to Change AACA Tax Structure 

During the past year the Antique Automobile Club of America has studied the feasibility of filing with the Internal Revenue Service a request for a private letter ruling approving a proposed change of the AACA's status from a social club, exempt under section 501(c)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code, to a charitable organization exempt under section 501(c)(3) of the Code. 

Detailed information on this change can be found in the members area.

2004 Calendar	 

FEBRUARY 13-14, 2004&#8212; AACA 68th Annual Meeting Philadelphia, Pa.

MARCH 4-6, 2004&#8212;AACA Winter National Meet, Melbourne, Florida, hosted by Cape Canaveral Region.

MARCH 28-April 2l, 2004&#8212;AACA Founders Tour, Tucson, Arizona, hosted by Tucson Region.

AACA Library	 

One of the world's premier automobile libraries, the AACA Library is a great place to start researching your antique car, truck, motorcycle, or the history of the automobile industry. 

Meet Pre-Registration 	

You can now pre-register online to attend or Judge at an AACA National Meet!  (AACA Members Only)

Online registration for the Melbourne Florida meet available now.

AACA Museum	 

Dedicated to the preservation and display of all forms of historical motor vehicles and related memorabilia, the AACA Museum exists to educate and provide enjoyment for the hobbyist and the public.

Merchandise	 

 

Chronological History	 
A chronological history
 of the automobile industry.

Short History of the Auto	 
This is a great on-line book outlining the history of the automobile.  Check it out!

Rummage Box	 
The Fall 2003 Rummage Box is now online. Check it out!

 

Discussion Forums POPULAR	 

The Internet's largest antique car discussion forum - now with over 15,000 users and 200,000+ posts.

All Forums	 

General Discussion	 

Buy/Sell	 

Technical Questions	 

Judges and Judging	 

Newsletter Editors	 

The AACA forums are the perfect place to ask questions about antique vehicles, buy and sell cars and parts, as well as a great place to just "kicking-the-tires". 

Photo Forums 	

View, post, and share antique automobile photos here! Now with over 2,500 submitted car photos!

Regions & Chapters	 

Newest online Regions and Chapters.

Susquehanna Valley	 

Redwood Empire Region	 

Historic Fredericksburg Region	 

BlackHawk	 

Azalea	 

Old Dominion Meet Assoc.	 

Scranton 	

Catawba Valley  	

Local AACA Regions and Chapters - by State	 
Click the state where you would like to find a local AACA region or chapter.
  
NOTE: Not all states have regions or chapters. Full list of online regions and chapters.	 

