

Reverend Thomas Bayes 1702-1761 

The International Society for Bayesian Analysis (ISBA) was founded in 1992 to promote the development and application of Bayesian statistical theory and methods useful in the solution of theoretical and applied problems in science, industry and government. By sponsoring and organizing meetings and other activities ISBA provides a focal point for those interested in Bayesian inference and its applications. 

The function of this website is to serve as a resource for members of ISBA and for the larger community of individuals who have an interest in Bayesian statistics. The website is still developing and it is our hope that we will be able to continually add materials to explain and enhance the development of Bayesian methodology. 

Organization of the ISBA Website 

News contains announcements from ISBA and other noteworthy items of interest to statisticians. 

ISBA Business 

To learn who the current officers are and what committees are operating and their memberships see Officers and Committees. The rules by which ISBA governs itself can be found under Constitution and Bylaws. Every year ISBA, together with NBER-NSF SBIES and the ASA Section on Bayesian Statistical Science present the Savage Award for the best thesis written in the area of Bayesian statistics. Information on this and other awards can be found under ISBA Awards. Under Local Chapters we provide information about the activities of these groups. Details on future meetings can be obtained in Future Meetings. The ISBA Bulletin leads to information about ISBA's quarterly newsletter. We hope you will want to join us and information on how you can go about this, and renewing your membership, can be found under Membership. 

ISBA Archives 

During its brief history ISBA has been quite active in organizing meetings. At least one meeting a year has been held since 1993 in a variety of locales around the world. See Past Meetings for a list of these. A record of business conducted at past ISBA meetings can be found under Minutes. Photos contains some pictures of well-known Bayesians associated with ISBA. Under Service to ISBA we provide a list of those who have served ISBA in some capacity in the past. 

Bayesian Resources 

As a service to ISBA members we provide a list and short synopsis of a number of books published by ISBA members under Books. Some information about the founder of Bayeisan inference is given under Reverend Thomas Bayes. Bayesian Links is a growing list of sites relevant to Bayesian statistics. Included is a site containing the lyrics to various Bayesian songs composed over the years! ISBA members can have advertisements for relevant job openings posted under Open Positions. 