

  	
 	 

 	 

 

Outsourcing to India - India IT Outsourcing Solution & Development service provider company provides India 's best web outsourcing & Fast outsourcing Software Developemnt Services for various IT Companies based at UK, USA, Canada, Australia & Other European Contries.

 	 
Elance Services 	
Cygnet Infotech India is a valued Outsourcing Service Provider on Elance.com - the largest portal for technical projects outsourcing, for more than two years using the Seller Identifier CYGNET-INDIA. The company is active in two market places namely, Web Design & Development and Software & Technology
 more.. 	 	 
Web Design 	
A strong web product must be developed with a strong process. The challenges in combining a company's brand equity, content and requirements with user experience, functionality and technology require a flexible methodology. Cygnet Infotech has the skills to develop Interactive Web Sites using HTML/DHTML, Macromedia Flash and more..
 

 	 
Portals 	
Portal development is a multi-dimensional activity that involves expertise at many levels. A good portal involves an appropriate integration of design and content in conjunction with the technical skills. Cygnet Infotech posses the technical skills in the areas of Microsoft ASP, Servlets/JSP, JAVA,MicroSoft SQL SERVER and many more..	  	 
Software Projects 	
In-depth Knowledge of various technologies enables us to provide end-to-end solutions and services. With our cutting-edge knowledge in BORLAND DELPHI, MICROSOFT VB, ORACLE, JAVA and more, we maximize the benefits of our depth, diversity and delivery capability, ensuring adaptability to client needs, and thus bringing out the most innovative solutions
 more..	  	 

 	 
Web Cart 	

 	 
E-Learning Solution 	

 	 
E-Recruitment 	

 	 
Entertainment 	

 	 
   

Offshore Development In India 	
India is the hub of offshore project development. Cygnet Infotech with a strong Technical skill set has served a lot of International clients. It has successfully handled Outsourcing of development work from International companies.	 

Quality Processes 	
Cygnet Infotech has implemented and followed Quality Project management processes. This has given strength and quality to the Project Development Life Cycle. The Project Managers at Cygnet Infotech are always in control of the development processes, enabling them to deliver quality solutions.	 

 	  	  	 

 	 

 	 contact@cygnet-infotech.com 	about company  | web design | portals | software project |elance services | home | contact | 	
