

 	 

 	 								

    
All Types 
  
Books
   
Conf Proceedings
   
Journals & Mags
   
Subs Packages
   
Standards
   
Ed/Training
   
  	   
      	   

Title
 
Author
 
ISBN
 
Prod #
 
Standard #
 

        	

2003/  Hardcover   /452pp     	

List Price: $89.95	 

IEEE Member Price: $76.45	 

ISBN 0-4712-1010-2	 

Product No. PC5946-TBR	 
 	  	  	 
    Back to list     

Subject Category : General/Other (Communication and Information) 

Smart Antennas 
Tapan A. Sarkar, Michael C. Wicks 

NOTE: This title is brought to you by IEEE Press and John Wiley & Sons, Inc. To order, call +1 800 225 5945, fax +1 732 302 2300 or purchase online now.
 IEEE MEMBERS: Use promotion code 18493 when you check out at Wiley.com to receive your 15% member discount.   

A valuable addition to the Wiley Series in Microwave and Optical Engineering Today's modern wireless mobile communications depend on adaptive "smart" antennas to provide maximum range and clarity. With the recent explosive growth of wireless applications, smart antenna technology has achieved widespread commercial and military applications. The only book available on the topic of adaptive antennas using digital technology, this text reflects the latest developments in smart antenna technology and offers timely information on fundamentals, as well as new adaptive techniques developed by the authors. Coupling electromagnetic aspects of antenna design with signal processing techniques designed to promote accurate and efficient information exchange, the text presents various mechanisms for characterizing signal-path loss associated with signal propagation, particularly for mobile wireless communications systems based on such techniques as joint space-frequency adaptive processing. In clear, accessible language, the authors: * explain the difference between adaptive antennas and adaptive signal processing * Illustrate the procedures for adaptive processing using directive elements in a conformal array * clarify multistage analysis procedure which combines electromagnetic analysis with signal processing * present a survey of the various models for characterizing radio wave propagation in urban and rural environments * describe a method wherein it is possible to identify and eliminate multipath without spatial diversity * optimize the location of base stations in a complex environment The text is an excellent resource for researchers and engineers working in electromagnetics and signal processing who deal with performance improvement of adaptive techniques, as well as those who are concerned with the characterization of propagation channels and applications of airborne phased arrays. 

Back to list     

 

© Copyright 2003, IEEE. Terms & Conditions. Privacy & Security 	

