

 	 
Posted Friday, January 23, 2004

Man leaves photo of genitals on hotel vending machine
The picture included the man's phone number, which an officer called. "You wonder what his intentions in meeting somebody he totally doesn't know," says a cop. Hmmm, it doesn't seem to take that much wondering. (Fort Smith, Ark. Times Record)

Students disciplined for MLK Jr. Day posters
The students plastered their school Monday with posters advocating that a white student from South Africa receive the "Distinguished African American Student Award" next year. (Omaha World-Herald)

Man charged after snapping pics of couple's hotel sexcapades
Ten months after the hotel sex, a package containing the photos arrived in the couple's hands and sent them into shock. This week, it got the admitted photographer charged with a felony. (St. Louis Post-Dispatch)

Purchase of a $250,000 RV gets you into a really nice club
The club for RV owners features antique elm floors, maple paneling and a granite bar. Formally clad waiters serve free breakfast, lunch and cocktails. (St. Petersburg Times)

Priest put on leave after pot plants found in rectory
A 40-year-old priest was arrested after cops found books about marijuana, 35 marijuana plants ranging from 6 inches to 4 feet, grow lights, electric transformers and air purifiers. One stunned parishioner says of the priest: "I can't believe he would do anything that God wouldn't want him to do." (Akron Beacon Journal)

Newsman tries hypnotism to find lost Pearl Jam negatives
For the last decade, Robert K. Elder has been searching for a set of photo negatives, "remnants of my first-ever published work -- Pearl Jam shots taken in 1992 in Bozeman, Mont., from the band's first major solo tour." One photo was published in his high school paper, the Bronc Express. "So valuable and important were these negatives that after having four 8-by-10 prints blown up, I hid them in a secret place I thought I'd always remember. Then I promptly forgot that secret place." Elder went to a hypnotist for help. I won't give away the ending. (Chicago Tribune/registration required)

Teen run over by driverless car when prank goes awry 
"They were just messing around, and it got ugly real quick," says a cop. (PhillyBurbs.com)

Tragic: Couple die when car plunges four stories from garage
One witness says: "It was like a movie. Like a stunt." Police call the fatal crash a "freak accident." (Las Vegas Review-Journal)

PLUS:
> Couple demands halt to neighbor's cigarette smoking
> Judge: Undercover cop is too good-looking for his own good
> Helicopter pilot sent to hospital after bird smashes windshield
> Harvard U. paid six money managers a combined $107.5 million in '03
> Sold in the Obscure Store: Porn star JOHN HOLMES in Eye magazine
> Amazon.com Tip Jar: Thanks to the visitor who tipped on Tuesday
 > Send story suggestions to obscure1@mindspring.com

 MEDIA NEWS: Pay a visit to Romenesko's media page

 LINK SUGGESTION?: Send story tips to Jim Romenesko

 PAYPAL: Send PayPal stuff to medianews@poynter.org

Posted Thursday, January 22, 2004

"Loveline" hosts get tame questions from Stanford students
Dr. Drew Pinsky and Adam Carolla say the Stanford crowd asked fairly neutral questions compared to what they heard on their radio and MTV shows. "The questions are usually a little wilder,"says Pinsky. (Stanford Daily)

Homeless man is cited for spitting on the sidewalk
He was told to stop and he didn't. (San Mateo County Times)

Teen says eatery served her a potato ball with a Band-Aid
Don't read this if you're having lunch: It was a "a dirty, bloody, pus-filled Band-Aid," says the girl. She's suing, of course. (Philly City Paper)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OBSCURE STORE ON eBay: "Jackass" fans will want to check out the "Steve-O: Out on Bail" DVD. PLUS: Romenesko's DEATH LOG was just posted with an $8 starting bid.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Update: Trucker who weighs 412-pounds gets his job back
Walter S. Geter also got an apology from the trucking firm that fired him. "They seemed to be very compassionate and sincere," he says. "They told me that this would never happen again." (St. Louis Post-Dispatch)
> Woman gets jail for letting obese hubby die on floor (reg. req.)

Legendary porn star says kids have gotten too Internet crazy
 Ron Jeremy, who has appeared in over 2,000 adult films, offers his thoughts on the state of our educational system. "I had to memorize my times tables," he says. These days, kids just have to look stuff up on the Net, he notes. (Seattle Post-Intelligencer)

Man ordered to take yoga class after slapping wife
 "It's part of anger management," says the judge. "For people who are into (yoga), it really calms them down. I've thought about taking it myself, but I've got a pretty bad back." (Houston Chronicle)

Senate's top staffer forwards vulgar e-mail, video to lawmakers
In trying to kill the obscene messages, Louisiana Senate secretary Mike Baer clicked the wrong button, sending the batch -- it included a sexually explicit video clip -- to the Legislature's entire e-mail list. "I'm one of these illiterate computer operators," he says. (New Orleans Times-Picayune)

Man's body deteriorates after 30 days of McDonald's meals
Is anyone surprised? "Within a few days of beginning his drive-through diet, Morgan Spurlock, 33, was vomiting out the window of his car," says this story. (New York Post)
> Earlier: Wisconsin prison guard has eaten over 19,000 Big Macs

PLUS:
> City council meeting visitor hauled away after tossing egg at mayor
> TV & radio museum is showing all 86 episodes of "Sex and the City"
> Woman arrested after allegedly settling traffic spat with bat
 

Posted Wednesday, January 21, 2004

Student appreciates freedom after taking jails class
David Wigtil, 21, who toured correctional facilities in the Baltimore area for his college's three-week term, says: "My whole life, I've been free and not sitting there like a caged animal." (Baltimore Sun)

Tragic: Teen falls through ice while trying to get pal's cell phone
The 17-year-old boy had dropped a friend's phone onto the ice from the bridge several days ago and pledged yesterday to walk out on the ice and retrieve it. He fell through and is now missing. "He was a really great guy, always thinking of others," says a friend. "He had dropped the phone in, so he felt guilty." (Philadelphia Inquirer)

Town's website lists names of people whose checks bounced
A woman whose $140 check for a school busing fee bounced found out about the website last week from a reporter. "This makes me feel sort of like a criminal," she says. "I think I've bounced one, maybe two checks in my life. I don't think it should be displayed on a website . . . but I certainly will pay." (Boston Globe)

Woman agrees to give estranged hubby part of $25M winnings
 The settlement, prompted in part by the husband's recent diagnosis of lung cancer, was reached Tuesday morning just as the couple's divorce case was about to go to trial. They're both in their 70s. (Newsday)

PLUS:
> Chicago Bulls mascot accused of selling pot out of his car trunk
> Here's today's cat-returns-home feel-good story
> Mel Gibson sneaks into Chicago suburbs for "Passion" screening
 

Posted Tuesday, January 20, 2004

School celebrates MLK Jr. Day with fried chicken, collard greens
Northwestern University students were invited on Monday to "honor" Martin Luther King Jr. with a special lunch, which included collard greens, cornbread and fried chicken. "I was shocked that NU thought it was honoring such an influential and iconic individual by offering stereotypical 'black' foods at their dining halls across campus," writes a student in the second letter-to-the-editor. (Daily Northwestern)

Teen is depressed because he's not listening to Michael Savage
Conservative high school student Tim Bueler, whose claims of political harassment by "liberal" students and faculty have made him into something of a youth hero among conservative bloggers and radio talk show hosts, loves listening to "Savage Nation." He tells a reporter: "I'm missing it right now. I'm getting depressed. It's almost like a drug to me. I have to listen to him." (Los Angeles Times)

Scholars doubt "Amish in the City" reality show will fly
"I can't imagine that any of them may be willing to do it," says Donald Kraybill, who has written several books about the Amish. "For Amish people to be on this show would be a very blatant violation of their religious principles." (Philadelphia Inquirer)
> Romenesko's "Keeping them down on the farm is the Amish challenge"

Kennel club show canceled after convention center is carpeted
"Convention officials wanted us to cover the carpeting with plastic, but the insurance company wouldn't cover it and the dogs and their owners wouldn't tolerate it," says the show chairman. (Muncie Star Press)

Tragic: Teen shot dead when dad mistakes black hat for hog
 "This family is devastated. They are hurting real bad," says the family's spokesman. "Alex was an exceptional young man [who] had a lot of dreams." The accident happened at a hunting camp. (Jacksonville Times-Union)

What the....?!: Family learns of dad's death via hospital bill
The hit-and-run victim's family is asking why police couldn't locate them when the hospital could find the correct address to send a bill. Also, why didn't police match the victim's identity with a missing person's report the family filed with police? (Washington Post)

Here's a message to OnStar that we'll never hear on their ads
 The man told an OnStar operator: "I just stole this car. I have a gun. I'm going to kill someone." Cops were called. (St. Paul Pioneer Press)

Truck driver fired for weighing in at 412 pounds
Walter Geter has filed a grievance through his union and is willing to go to court. "I didn't just pop up yesterday," he says. "They've got a lot of big guys there. And if they got me, they'll get someone else." (St. Louis Post-Dispatch)

Woman injures foot while trying to flee snake at McDonald's
 She's suing, of course. "I looked face to face at it," says Joanne Borgerding. "I know people in the drive-up heard me -- I screamed that loud." The woman also flew out of her booth after seeing the 2-inch thick and in the process injured her foot so badly that she says she has permanent nerve damage. (St. Paul Pioneer Press)

PLUS:
> California's "clean bathroom law" hasn't washed away school problems
> What the...?!: Couple charged after daughter dies in apparent exorcism
> Nearly naked escapee spends over two days in trash bin
 

Posted Monday, January 19, 2004

Hole in the ground swallows woman walking her dog
 More than 50 firefighters worked to extract Linda Sharp from the 10-foot-deep hole. "She said, 'The ground swallowed me up,' " says a teen boy. (South Florida Sun-Sentinel)

Big eater has really big plans for 2004
 Hot dog-eating champ Carson Hughes hopes to break five U.S. eating records in a 24-hour period this year. (Hampton Roads Daily Press)

Tax preparer backs would-be robber down with a stapler
"I would have stapled him," says DeAnna Rankins. "I felt the power of the Lord." (Des Moines Register)

Porn star firefighter is at center of town's four-alarm mess
As many as 22 volunteer firefighters walked off the job last week to protest firefighter Alexas Jones' career as the star of an X-rated Web site, and the firing of a 19- year-old cadet accused of taking a peek at two other pornographic sites while on duty. (San Francisco Chronicle)
> Local TV stations are having a field day with the brouhaha

PLUS:
> Man dies at desk on Tuesday, isn't discovered until Thursday
> "Fat Obnoxious Fiance" star in trouble with Catholic school bosses
> Three sisters accused of riding Chicago schools overtime gravy train
 

Web mining assistance provided by Stephen Smith
 2004 by Jim Romenesko | obscure1@mindspring.com 	 	 

 Email links & feedback

 Visit Romenesko's media page

 Reader favorites - 2001

 Reader favorites - 2000

 Obscure Store reader profiles

 Zines for sale (50% off)

Obscure on eBay

 STEVE-O DVD: "Out on Bail"

. 
 
 

Latest News
AP National
AP International
AP Business
AP Entertainment
Google News
First Headlines
Commentators
News Center
 
 Daily Gossip
Cindy Adams
Ain't It Cool News
 Dark Horizons
E! News
Gawker
 Inside Track
The Kicker
 Michael Musto
Lloyd Grove
NY mag "Intelligencer"
Page Six
 The Scoop
 Liz Smith
 TV Guide Gossip
TVTattle.com 
 
 Misc. Gossip
Blind Items Rehash
Celeb Courthouse
 Chic Happens
The Enquirer 
Michael Musto
Movie Poop Shoot
Smoking Gun
The Transom
 
 Weblogs, Indies, etc.
Arts & Letters Daily
Arts Journal
Bad Jocks
Bifurcated Rivets
 Bob's Fridge
 Drudge Retort
Enigmous.com
Filmcritic.com
Fimoculous.com
Fresh Hell
 greg.org (film, art, etc.)
Ironic Times
JoryJohn.com
 Kottke.org
Librarian.net
Memepool
MetaFilter
Microcontent News
MiscMedia.com
MobyLives (Book news)
Modern Humorist
Need to Know
Nerve
 Plastic
Q Daily News
rc3.org
Ribbit!
Slashdot
Soundbitten
 Tremble
 
 
 

Romenesko's stories
 

 Albinos: A White Minority

 The Amish Challenge

 At the Dahmer Trial

 Fanzines Explained

 Mrs. B -- Bad Teacher!

 A Reporter's Suicide

 Wisconsin Death Trip
 

 Wrestler Who Cried Rape

 
 

 	 
