

 	
 

SEARCH  find the CDs you wantquick and easy  	  Top Sellers Now  see which CDs arepopular this week  	  Choosea STYLE:  Blues  Classical  Country  Easy Listening  Electronic  Folk  Gospel  Hip Hop/Rap  Jazz  Kids/Family  Latin  Metal  New Age  Pop  Rock  Spoken Word  Urban/R&B  World  	
  BROWSE  discover new CDs inall genres and styles  	  Top Sellers Ever  biggest selling albumswe've ever had  	
  FLAVOR  CDs to match yourmood, occasion, or...  	  Album Art  walk the aisles of acool record store...  	
  New Arrivals  see the newest CDs- updated daily!  	  SELL YOUR CD  if you released a CDwe'll help you sell it  	

CD Baby: a little CD store with the best new independent music 	

Mark Lane: Golden State Of Mind
 The kind of album that can evoke an involuntary gasp or shriek of "hooray!" With a brilliant jangle reminiscent of the Beatles, melodies as catchy as Billy Joel, mixed in with lightly swaying rock as well as tinges of Wilco, Mark Lane's album calls for a closer listen. No rookie to the game of making music that drives home the sheer enjoyment of music, Mark's professional approach, production and skill for developing a polished project, top to bottom, makes "Golden Sate of Mind" an exceptional disc. 
CD Price: $12.97	

Kaddisfly: Did You Know People Can Fly?
 Pure substance; this CD by Kaddisfly weaves together the conceptual cinematic vision of a film score with an aural landscape of hard rock, jazz, classical and soul. They take these elements and mold it into something completely new and original, creating an intricate yet accessible sound for fans of modern rock. If you like bands such as Incubus, Dredg and Mars Volta, you need this CD
CD Price: $10.99	

Zak Morgan: When Bullfrogs Croak
 Zak Morgan writes vibrant anthems for children of all-ages. With his trademark wit, Morgan delivers classic word-play along with sing-along melodies. A master at his craft, Morgan's charming style has won over many, garnering the 2003 Children's Music Web Award for "Best Recording for Older Children". The album also received a 2004 Grammy nomination for "Best Musical Album for Children". Referred to as a cross between Dr. Seuss with Shel Silverstein, Zak Morgan will not disappoint.
CD Price: $15.00	

CD BABY - the CD store with the best independent music | HOSTBABY - web hosting for musicians 	
