this.window.name = 'BWMain'; function MM_openBrWindow(theURL,winName,features) { //v2.0  window.open(theURL,winName,features); } 
 
  	   protecting the universe from high textbook prices.
New and Used Textbooks, DVDs, video games, and music.

 	  

Uber-BOT Price Comparison Finds the Lowest Textbook Prices
     Add all of your items. The Uber-BOT textbook price comparison compares new and used college textbooks, books, DVDs, video games and music. It then calculates price, shipping, promotions, and coupons at every major store, and finds the lowest total price.

ISBN (best)
  
Title
  
Author
 

what's an ISBN? | browse all books | advanced search 	

title
  
actor
  
director
 

browse DVDs | deals on new and used DVDs 	

deals on new and used games 	

Artist
  
Album
 

browse music | deals on new and used music 	

 

from the Uber-BOT fan mail dept...     what do you think?
         
     "I just wanted to say THANKS! for the wonderful website. I'm in an accelerated degree program where the classes last 5 weeks but the books cost the same as a regular class. I hate purchasing a book for $100.00 that I will only be using for 5 weeks! You have saved me boo-koo bucks!"
- Lori      

total order comparison is...

best possible price: 
          Uber-BOT compares every combination of your new and used college textbooks, books, DVDs, video games and music at every store, taking into consideration shipping, coupons and promotions, in order to find the lowest total price. Customers save $68 average on orders of 2 or more items*.

best single store price: 
          If you only want to check out once, this is your option. Uber-BOT finds the one single store that has the lowest price on new and used textbooks, books, DVDs, video games, and music, inclusive of shipping, promotions and coupons.

all the information: 
     Uber-BOT shows you the price, shipping, and promotion at every single store. Compare new and used textbook prices, new and used DVDs, new and used video games, and new and used music.

browse books...
All books , Law , Medical , Engineering , Professional and Technical , Travel 

browse DVDs, music, and games
     View unbelievably great deals on new and used DVDs, music, and games.

tell others - earn free stuff!
      Help your friends save money on textbooks and earn free gear.

super sale on gear!
     1 Lb. of balls - 1 cent! T-Shirts for $5, backpacks, hats, and more...

professor BookBOT!
      Attention professors: Protect your students from high textbook prices!      

little things...
     
* make BIGWORDS.com your home page      
* FREE stickers!      
* BIGWORDS posters!      
* promote BIGWORDS!      
* a list of BIG words      
* MIND TRAINER      

items       average savings *             
      2 or more	       $70.98 off (35%)	             
      1	       $27.08 off (31%)	             
      2	       $53.92 off (35%)	             
      3	       $75.03 off (35%)	             
      4	       $91.80 off (35%)	            
     
                             
      mailing list...             
            

To be kept informed of new stuff happening at BIGWORDS.com, please join the mailing list.

email address:             
         your name:             

(no spam)       

*about the stats: The data used to provide the savings info was collected from our log files, and includes pricing data from August to September, 2003. The cost savings is calculated by taking the retail price of the books with NO shipping, and comparing it to the best price BIGWORDS.com could find, WITH shipping. As you can see, we could have shown even greater savings by adding shipping to the retail price but we figured, "Hey, you know what? That's good enough. If they went to their bookstore they wouldn't be paying shipping, so the retail price is what they'd probably wind up paying. Let's show the students, who we love and admire, how much they'll ACTUALLY save, not some made up marketing hype mumbo jumbo 'if you buy seventeen of these and 4 of those from this special made up list that only exists in another dimension' kind of number that only marketing hype mumbo jumbo people can truly understand, and even that might be overstated." As such, the data is susceptible to error, and may not be statistically valid - but it's pretty darn good.

 	 
 	
   home |     make BIGWORDS.com your home page |   site credits |   contact us  	

 

Copyright BIGGER Words, Inc. 2004. All rights reserved. Including the right to party.

