 
  	  	  BUREAU OF THE PUBLIC DEBT	   
  	   	   T r e a s u r   y D i r e c t      	   
  	  	   	   

Savings Bonds Direct is no longer available. 

We would like to thank you for using Savings Bonds Direct during the past four years. Your support for the savings bonds program is important to us, and we hope you'll continue to invest in Treasury securities. We invite you to try TreasuryDirect and invest directly with the U.S. Treasury. Open a TreasuryDirect account today and begin purchasing electronic EE and I Bonds within minutes by debiting your bank account. You can buy, manage, and redeem your securities online - no paper bonds are issued.

* Frequently Asked Questions about Savings Bonds Direct  
* Check Order Status  
* Take a TreasuryDirect Guided Tour  
* Find out more about TreasuryDirect 
Frequently Asked Questions about Savings Bonds Direct
 Why did you close Savings Bonds Direct? 

Savings Bonds Direct was intended to be an interim solution for online purchasing. Technological advances now allow us to offer these same securities at the same interest rates in electronic form through TreasuryDirect. After opening a TreasuryDirect account, you can buy, manage, and redeem electronic EE and I bonds over the Internet - anytime, anywhere using a secure Web browser. TreasuryDirect will eventually allow you to manage your Treasury electronic securities portfolio - savings bonds and marketables - from one account.

Why are you no longer accepting credit cards for payment? 

Using credit cards to purchase paper bonds online was intended to be an interim solution. By eliminating credit card processing costs, we are able to minimize the cost of the savings bonds program to Treasury, and therefore, to taxpayers. Technological advances now allow us to offer these same securities at the same interest rates in electronic form through TreasuryDirect.

In TreasuryDirect, you can buy, manage, and redeem electronic EE and I Bonds over the Internet - anytime, anywhere using a secure Web browser. TreasuryDirect will eventually allow you to manage your Treasury electronic securities portfolio - savings bonds and marketables - from one account.

Now that Savings Bonds Direct has closed, where can I purchase paper savings bonds? 

You can no longer buy paper savings bonds on the Internet through Savings Bonds Direct. However, you can purchase paper EE and I Bonds through participating, local financial institutions. Although Treasury's long-term goal is to stop issuing all paper securities, a date hasn't been announced. Please continue to visit our website at www.treasurydirect.gov for the most current information.

How can I check my Order Status? 

E-mail us at BuyBonds@bpd.treas.gov and we'll provide your order status. Include your daytime phone number if you'd like us to call you back. Otherwise, we'll respond in e-mail by the next business day.

When can I expect to hear from Customer Service about an e-mail I sent? 

Customer Service Representatives respond to e-mails during normal business hours, Monday through Friday. They aren't available on weekends and Federal holidays. Responses generally require one full business day: however, weekend and holiday backlogs can cause delays.

Updated December 30, 2003 
OMB No. 1535-0084 

