                                                                                                                                
  	  	  	 
 
   Sunday  January 25, 2004 	CUSTOMER SERVICE	 Search:  		    
  	 
 
       
             
      	          
                     

Antitrust	                 

Banking	                 

Bankruptcy	                 

Business Crimes	                 

Communications	                 

Corporate & Business Organization	                 

Domestic Relations	                 

Education Law	                 

Entertainment	                 

Environmental	                 

Health & Managed Care	                 

Immigration 	                

Insurance	                 

Intellectual Property	                 

Internet & Technology	                 

Judicial/Courts	                 

Labor & Employment	                 

Law Office Management	                 

Litigation	                 

Lobbying	                 

Personal Injury	                 

Real Estate	                 

Securities	                 

State Specific	                 

Students	                 

Tax/Estates/Trusts	                 

Other	                 

Happy New Year from American Lawyer Media! 

Click  here for a Special Savings

Financial News 	   
  	  
       
             
            	                                      New! ADVANCED PRIVATE EQUITY TERM SHEETS AND SERIES A DOCUMENTS
   Everything you need to negotiate, advise on, and close venture financing transactions -- detailed, encyclopedic analysis of all the deal terms you may encounter along with model documents and checklists. Find out whether a provision is "industry standard" - a must before your next negotiation. Whether you're dealing with clawback provisions, cramdowns or the "overhang problem," this is the book to turn to.  (learn more! )

NEW BOOK! Drug and Medical Device Product Liability Deskbook
   FDA-regulated products now account for one-fifth of overall economic activity in the U.S. This comprehensive single-volume guide covers all aspects of litigation involving drugs, medical devices, vaccines and other FDA-regulated products. Find out about new theories of liability, federal preemption as a defense, and strategies to enhance your chances of success before litigation even commences. (learn more!)

JUST PUBLISHED and a perfect gift for a colleague, friend, client or YOU!! A Criminal Waste of Time
   What do the intellectual property rights of a talking chihuahua, the legal (and practical) risks of smuggling monkeys in one's underwear and the plagiarism of a musical selection consisting of 4 and a half minutes of silence all have in common? They're just a few of the recent cases given a second look in this new book from award-winning columnist Justice William Bedsworth. learn more! )

SPECIAL SALE! SAVE 15% on selected titles. Click here for more details!

ALM Publishing The American Lawyer The Connecticut Law Tribune Corporate Counsel D&O Advisor Daily Business Review Delaware Law Weekly Directory of Minority Attorneys Florida Lawyer Fulton County Daily Report IP Law & Business 	Just Think Law.com Law.com Online CLE Law Firm, Inc. Law Journal Newsletters Law Journal Press Law Journal Seminars Law Technology News The Legal Intelligencer LegalMarket Info LegalTech 	Legal Times The Minority Law Journal Moran Publishing The National Law Journal The New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal NLJ Expert Witnesses Pennsylvania Law Weekly The Recorder Texas Lawyer VerdictSearch 	
       	                  

Ring in the New Year with savings from American Lawyer Media!

Save 15% on these best selling titles

Negotiating and Drafting Contract Boilerplate Edited and co-authored by Tina L. Stark 	Advanced Private Equity Term Sheets and Series A Documents by Joseph W. Bartlett, Ross Barrett, Mike Butler and the VC Experts, Inc. editorial board 	
Courtroom Psychology and Trial Advocacy by Richard C. Waites, J.D., PhD 	Private Equity Funds: Business Structure and Operations by James M. Schell 	
Knowledge Management and the Smarter Lawyer by Gretta Rusanow 	Anatomy of a Merger: Strategies and Techniques for Negotiating Corporate Acquisitions by James C. Freund 	

Gender on Trial: Sexual Stereotypes and Work/Life Balance in the Legal Workplace by Holly English 

Negotiated Acquisitions of Companies, Subsidiaries and Divisions by Lou R. Kling and Eileen Nugent 	
On Trial: Lessons from a lifetime in the courtroom by Henry G. Miller 	Due Diligence in Business Transactions by Gary M. Lawrence 	

Use promo code 232323 when placing your order at checkout.

      email:lawcatalog@amlaw.com, phone: 800-603-6571
  American Lawyer Media, Inc. 105 Madison Ave, New York, NY 10016	  
 
      About Us     Customer Service     Site Map     Terms of Use     Privacy Policy     Partnership Info  	   © Copyright 2004 ALM Properties, Inc. All rights reserved.	  

