Security & Privacy Guaranteed Rare & Collectible · Technical Books · Textbooks & Schooling · Kids' Books · eBooks more search options Architecture Art Astronomy At the Movies Audio Books Biography Book Sense 76 Business Children's Christianity Computers Cooking and Food Crafts Current Affairs Eastern Religion Foreign Languages Gardening Gay and Lesbian Global Writing Graphic Novels Health and Medicine History Humor Islam Judaica Literature Metaphysics Military Music Mystery New Arrivals Pacific Northwest Philosophy Photography Poetry Politics Psychology Romance Reference Sci-Fi and Fantasy Self Help Small Press Spanish Sports and Fitness Travel Travel Writing Writing see all sections... Receive book reviews, readers' picks, literary news, and more! Find Books • Award Winners • Book Clubs • Front Window • Great Deals • Harry Potter • Hosted Bookshelves • Hot Titles • Lord of the Rings • Recently Arrived Used • Staff Picks Read the City • Author Interviews • Bibliolatry --> • From the Author • Fup. Store Cat. • Other Voices • Review-a-Day • Writer's Almanac Win Free Books! • Daily Dose • Win $ 250 Worth of Books • The 2004 Puddly Awards — Vote and Win PowellsBooks.news • January 13, 2004 • Archived Editions • More newsletters --> Calendar of Events • January & February Staff Picks Author Interviews Gift Certificates Click for Details Staff Picks: New Arrivals Samuel Pepys: The Unequalled Self , the 2002 Whitbread Book of the Year, is finally available in paperback. Find it alongside more of our favorite new books, all on sale : poetry, travel writing, mystery, literature, social science, biology, and of course books for kids, too. browse our new favorites more staff picks Great Deals on Really Good Books Family Matters has all the richness, the gentle humour, and the narrative sweep that have earned Rohinton Mistry the highest of accolades around the world. "He ought to be considered simply one of the best writers, Indian or otherwise, now alive," the Atlantic Monthly raves. Save up to 80% on this and nineteen more staff favorites. see all our Great Deals more sale books Puddly Awards Voting Continues Each January, we ask you to name the best book you read last year . We call this annual event The Puddly Awards. Help choose this year's winner and you could win $ 250 worth of books for yourself, plus five $ 50 Powell's Cards to shower on family and friends. vote for the best book you read last year see more award winners Powells.com Interviews: Michael Palin Shrubberies, slapping fish, three-headed knights, upper class twits, lumberjacks... The Pythons: Autobiography is a lavish, first-person account of the mind-bending hilarity that is Monty Python : Graham, John, Eric, Terry, Terry, and Michael; their sketches, their shows, and their movies. A coffee table book, a museum of all things Python. read the interview more author interviews We Tell Stories "Something happened during the 1980s — perhaps the political climate of that time — that caused me to ask how a people would become part of a system that oppresses their own people," National Book Award finalist Edward P. Jones explains . "It must not have been long after that that I remembered the fact of black slaveowners and the novel [ The Known World ] took root." read the essay, We Tell Stories more original essays Atlantic Monthly on Politics Kenneth M. Pollack, the author of The Threatening Storm , explains how the road to war with Iraq was paved with misleading and manipulated intelligence. Utne on Progressive Living Bestselling author and comic Al Franken on books, great news sources, and his favorite liars. Poets & Writers Magazine on Literature Join Bookstore Tourism — a series of bus trips to urban centers where reader-tourists can patronize independent bookstores. Blue Ear on Global Writing Tim Walker reviews A Handmade Life , a rich book about William Coperthwaite's inspiring experiments of self-sufficiency. More from: American Rivers Atlantic Monthly BlueEar.com Dr. Dobb's Journal Free Will Astrology Mother Jones Nature Factoids New Dimensions Poets & Writers Salon.com Utne The Writer Sunday, January 25th --> A review by Paul Lerner of Times Literary Supplement Nazi Psychoanalysis Volume 1 Only Psychoanal by Laurence A Rickels "Nazi psychoanalysis": the juxtaposition is surely intended to provoke, offend, outrage. Pairing Hitler's genocidal regime with Freud's science of the psyche violates our most fundamental assumptions about twentieth-century intellectual and political history,... read the complete review --> Hosted by Garrison Keillor It's the birthday of Virginia Woolf , born Virginia Steven in London (1882). Her father was the editor of a popular series of reference books, The Dictionary of National Biography , and ... today's Literary Notes --> Recommended by Pete from Joliet, Illinois. Congratulations, Pete, for claiming your $ 20 gift certificate! Coal: A Human History by Barbara Freese Pete's comments: "This outstanding social history of coal thoroughly and clearly discusses both the fuel's enormous impact on the development of civilization and its staggering threat to the environment."... read more suggest a title and you could win free books! --> --> Eragon: Inheritance, Book I by Christopher Paolini "[An] impressive epic fantasy....[Paolini's] use of language dispenses with the floral, pastoral touch in favor of more direct prose....An auspicious beginning to both career and series." Publishers Weekly ... ( read more ) more hot kids' titles visit the kids' store 1. The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown Popular Fiction 2. The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd Literature 3. Life of Pi by Yann Martel Literature 4. What Should I Do With My Life?: The True Story of People Who Answered the Ultimate Question by Po Bronson Business 5. Angels & Demons by Dan Brown Popular Fiction 6. Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides Literature 7. Digital Fortress: A Thriller by Dan Brown Popular Fiction 8. The King of Torts by John Grisham Popular Fiction 9. The Five Biggest Lies Bush Told Us About Iraq by Lakshmi Chaudhry and Christopher Scheer and Robert Scheer Politics 10. Fahrenheit 451: The Temperature At Which Book Paper Catches Fire, and Burns by Ray Bradbury Science Fiction and Fantasy – see more – Company History | Press Kit Contact Us | Employment Store Locations | Calendar of Events Security and Privacy | Shipping Money Back Guarantee | Order by Phone Forgot Your Password? | Contest Winners PowellsBooks.news | All Newsletters Manage Subscriptions | Unsubscribe Powell's Card & Virtual Credit Gift Ideas | Souvenir Shop Basic Information | Join | Existing Partners --> Official Bookseller of the Electronic Privacy Information Center Our partner for used & new music & movies. Half-Price T-Shirt Offer &nbsp Copyright © 1994-2003 Powells.com · Terms of Use   --> 

Security & Privacy
Guaranteed 	

 	 Rare & Collectible  ·  Technical Books  ·  Textbooks & Schooling  ·  Kids' Books  ·  eBooks 	 	 

 	 

more search options 

 Architecture
 Art
 Astronomy
 At the Movies
 Audio Books
 Biography
 Book Sense 76
 Business
 Children's
 Christianity
 Computers
 Cooking and Food
 Crafts
 Current Affairs
 Eastern Religion
 Foreign Languages
 Gardening
 Gay and Lesbian
 Global Writing
 Graphic Novels
 Health and Medicine
 History
 Humor
 Islam
 Judaica
 Literature
 Metaphysics
 Military
 Music
 Mystery
 New Arrivals
 Pacific Northwest
 Philosophy
 Photography
 Poetry
 Politics
 Psychology
 Romance
 Reference
 Sci-Fi and Fantasy
 Self Help
 Small Press
 Spanish
 Sports and Fitness
 Travel
 Travel Writing
 Writing
     see all sections...

Receive book reviews, readers' picks, literary news, and more! 	

Find Books 

• 	Award Winners 	
• 	Book Clubs	 
• 	Front Window	 
• 	Great Deals 	
• 	Harry Potter	 
• 	Hosted Bookshelves 	
• 	Hot Titles 	
• 	Lord of the Rings	 
•	 Recently Arrived Used	 
•	 Staff Picks 	

Read the City 
• 	Author Interviews 	
• 	From the Author	 
• 	Fup. Store Cat.	 
• 	Other Voices	 
•	 Review-a-Day	 
• 	Writer's Almanac 	

Win Free Books! 

• 	Daily Dose 	
• 	Win $250 Worth of Books 	
• 	The 2004 Puddly Awards — Vote and Win 	

PowellsBooks.news 
• 	January 13, 2004	 
• 	Archived Editions	 

Calendar of Events 
• 	January & February	 

Staff Picks	 
Author Interviews	 
Gift Certificates	 
Click for Details	 

Staff Picks: New Arrivals
 Samuel Pepys: The Unequalled Self, the 2002 Whitbread Book of the Year, is finally available in paperback. Find it alongside more of our favorite new books, all on sale: poetry, travel writing, mystery, literature, social science, biology, and of course books for kids, too. 

browse our new favorites	 

more staff picks	 

 	 

Great Deals on Really Good Books
 Family Matters has all the richness, the gentle humour, and the narrative sweep that have earned Rohinton Mistry the highest of accolades around the world. "He ought to be considered simply one of the best writers, Indian or otherwise, now alive," the Atlantic Monthly raves. Save up to 80% on this and nineteen more staff favorites. 

see all our Great Deals	 

more sale books	 

 	 

Puddly Awards Voting Continues
 Each January, we ask you to name the best book you read last year. We call this annual event The Puddly Awards. Help choose this year's winner and you could win $250 worth of books for yourself, plus five $50 Powell's Cards to shower on family and friends. 

vote for the best book you read last year	 

see more award winners	 

 	 

Powells.com Interviews: Michael Palin
 Shrubberies, slapping fish, three-headed knights, upper class twits, lumberjacks... The Pythons: Autobiography is a lavish, first-person account of the mind-bending hilarity that is Monty Python: Graham, John, Eric, Terry, Terry, and Michael; their sketches, their shows, and their movies. A coffee table book, a museum of all things Python. 

read the interview	 

more author interviews	 

 	 

We Tell Stories
 "Something happened during the 1980s — perhaps the political climate of that time — that caused me to ask how a people would become part of a system that oppresses their own people," National Book Award finalist Edward P. Jones explains. "It must not have been long after that that I remembered the fact of black slaveowners and the novel [The Known World] took root." 

read the essay, We Tell Stories	 

more original essays	 

 	 

Atlantic Monthly on Politics
 

Kenneth M. Pollack, the author of The Threatening Storm, explains how the road to war with Iraq was paved with misleading and manipulated intelligence.	 
Utne on Progressive Living
 

Bestselling author and comic Al Franken on books, great news sources, and his favorite liars. 
Poets & Writers Magazine on Literature
 

Join Bookstore Tourism — a series of bus trips to urban centers where reader-tourists can patronize independent bookstores. 	

Blue Ear on Global Writing 

Tim Walker reviews A Handmade Life, a rich book about William Coperthwaite's inspiring experiments of self-sufficiency. 	

More from:
 
American Rivers
 Atlantic Monthly
 BlueEar.com
 Dr. Dobb's Journal
 Free Will Astrology
 Mother Jones
 				Nature Factoids
 New Dimensions
 Poets & Writers
 Salon.com
 Utne
 The Writer
 	

Sunday, January 25th 		

A review by Paul Lerner of Times Literary Supplement 	

Nazi Psychoanalysis Volume 1 Only Psychoanal 
by Laurence A Rickels

"Nazi psychoanalysis": the juxtaposition is surely intended to provoke, offend, outrage. Pairing Hitler's genocidal regime with Freud's science of the psyche violates our most fundamental assumptions about twentieth-century intellectual and political history,... 

read the complete review	
 	

Hosted by Garrison Keillor	
 
It's the birthday of Virginia Woolf, born Virginia Steven in London (1882). Her father was the editor of a popular series of reference books, The Dictionary of National Biography, and... 

today's Literary Notes 	

Recommended by Pete from Joliet, Illinois. Congratulations, Pete, for claiming your $20 gift certificate! 

Coal: A Human History 
by Barbara Freese 

Pete's comments: "This outstanding social history of coal thoroughly and clearly discusses both the fuel's enormous impact on the development of civilization and its staggering threat to the environment."... 

read more 	

suggest a title and you could win free books!	
 	

Eragon: Inheritance, Book I 
by Christopher Paolini 

"[An] impressive epic fantasy....[Paolini's] use of language dispenses with the floral, pastoral touch in favor of more direct prose....An auspicious beginning to both career and series." Publishers Weekly... (read more) 

more hot kids' titles 	

visit the kids' store 	

1. The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown 
Popular Fiction 
2. The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd 
Literature
 3. Life of Pi by Yann Martel 
Literature
 4. What Should I Do With My Life?: The True Story of People Who Answered the Ultimate Question by Po Bronson 
Business
 5. Angels & Demons by Dan Brown 
Popular Fiction
 6. Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides 
Literature
 7. Digital Fortress: A Thriller by Dan Brown 
Popular Fiction
 8. The King of Torts by John Grisham 
Popular Fiction
 9. The Five Biggest Lies Bush Told Us About Iraq by Lakshmi Chaudhry and Christopher Scheer and Robert Scheer 
Politics
 10. Fahrenheit 451: The Temperature At Which Book Paper Catches Fire, and Burns by Ray Bradbury 
Science Fiction and Fantasy – see more – 	

 	 

 
 

Company History | Press Kit
 Contact Us | Employment
 Store Locations | Calendar of Events	 
Security and Privacy | Shipping
 Money Back Guarantee | Order by Phone
 Forgot Your Password? | Contest Winners	 

PowellsBooks.news | All Newsletters
 Manage Subscriptions | Unsubscribe 	
Powell's Card & Virtual Credit
 Gift Ideas | Souvenir Shop 	

Basic Information | Join | Existing Partners	 

 
 

Official Bookseller of the Electronic Privacy Information Center	 

Our partner for used & new music & movies. 	

 

Half-Price T-Shirt Offer	
 
&nbsp
 Copyright © 1994-2003 Powells.com  ·  Terms of Use 	

