                   

---------------------------------------------------------------------

We are pleased to provide a catalog of great books, videos and children's software titles for sale in association with Amazon.com 

* New Books 
* New Software 
* New Videos 

Search: 
All Products
 
Books
 
Popular Music
 
Classical Music
 
Video
 
Toys
 
Electronics
 

Enter keywords...
 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

New Books 

Too Old For This, Too Young For That! by Harriet Mosatche, Ph.D., and Karen Unger

These days it feels like our kids are having to deal with the "issues" associated with growing up at younger and younger ages. Our children, too, are feeling too old and too young, and this wonderful book may make parents and children as young as eight feel better about their changing reality. This is all-around great book for children who are dealing with middle-school issues.

Dazzle the Dinosaur by Marcus Pfister, J. Alison James (Translator) 

A young dinosaur with unique glittering spines bravely decides to help his family and friends. He leaves to find the feared Dragonsaurus who had driven the dinosaur herd from their cave. This is a well-done story with beautiful illustrations. 

Rainbow Fish by Marcus Pfister 

Rainbow Fish learns to make friends by sharing his prized shimmering scales with others. Use this charming story to talk with your child about the dangers of pride and of the importance of sharing. 

Rainbow Fish To The Rescue by Marcus Pfister 

In this story, the Rainbow Fish learns the importance of doing what you believe in, regardless of the opinions of your peers. This is a good story to begin to discuss the problems of peer pressure with your child and the importance of being sensitive to the feelings and needs of others, especially those who are different. 

The Black Stallion by Walter Farley 

This is more than a classic tale of the love between a boy and his magnificent horse. While it's an adventure story, it's also the story of a boy who is loving, devoted, hard-working and respectful. He faces challenges that would daunt almost anyone, and he never gives up. Today, when so many of our children's role models have fighting and battling as a key element, this classic book is a refreshing change. 

Sam and the Firefly by Philip D. Eastman 

This is a fun story to read to toddlers and preschoolers and it's a great book for early readers. It's the story of a naughty firefly and his owl friend. The firefly realizes that he can write words in the sky that can cause trouble and for a while he thoroughly enjoys doing so, much to the chagrin of his friend. This is a good story to help teach a young child right from wrong. The rhymes are cute and the illustrations very nice.

Gathering Blue by Lois Lowry 

A talented yet lame girl is orphaned. In order to survive, she must petition to a council of elders that her skills are of value. They recognize her talents, but slowly she learns that they have betrayed her and others in their society. This is a good story for the teen who feels overwhelmed with the unfairness the world can present, and who needs to know that he or she can work to change the world. 

Joey Pigza Loses Control by Jack Gantos 

When Joe Pigza meets his dad, Carter, for the first time in years, he meets a grownup version of his old hyperactive self-the way he was before his stint in special ed, the was he was before he got his new medications. This is an entertaining story and a must for any child who has ever struggled with hyperactivity, divorce, and feelings that they or their families are not "normal." 

The Period Book: Everything You Don't Want to Ask (But Need to Know) 

This book can help any girl between the ages of 8 and 14 understand the changes associated with puberty that her body is going through, feel proud about those changes, and to find answers to questions she might have about menstruation. This practical, easy to read, and well-illustrated book is a must have for families of preteens and libraries. 

Our Last Best Shot: Guiding Our Children Through Early Adolescence 

This is a wonderful guide to help parents who are trying to help young children navigate early adolescence and chose a path that will lead to healthy, responsible adulthood.

Child Safe - A Practical Guide to Preventing Childhood Injuries 

This up-to-date and very practical safety book is must-have for families. It is divided into age-specific sections that clearly show parents what they need to know and do to protect their children. It points out common, but often unknown hazards. The author speaks from extensive experience and the book is filled with examples and statistics to illustrate key points. 

Toilet Training Without Tears by Schaefer, Digeronimo and Alexander 

This book provides several different approaches to toilet training one's child and is especially helpful for the parents of a child who is delayed in toilet training.

No More Diapers by Bonnie F. Wind

We bought this book when our older son was learning how to use the potty. It certainly increased his interest in reading about potty training. Now that our second child is ready for 'potty learning', I've just ordered a second book so we can have it personalized for him. 

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J. K. Rowling 

What more can be said about Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire? It's the best one yet and it will be thoroughly enjoyed by children and adults alike. It's scary in parts and parents should use their discretion with younger children. Read the full review for more details!

The Color Kittens by Margaret Wise Brown

This classic book is being new republished and will be available to new generations of children. It is a cute story with charming illustrations that will not only teach young children about colors, but will be a great early reading book for older children. 

Never Talk to Strangers by Irma Joyce

This is a very good book to begin introducing the topic of 'stranger safety' to your young children. It's appropriately silly at times and will not scare a young child. But every set of pages has a clear message for what children should and shouldn't do. 

Understanding Childhood Obesity by J. Clinton Smith 

Childhood obesity is a growing health concern for parents and health care professionals. Why and how do children become obese, what can we do to prevent obesity and how can we help obese children are some of the questions that are answered in this book.

Child Safe - A Practical Guide to Preventing Childhood Injuries by Mark Brandenburg, M.D. 

This up-to-date and very practical safety book is must-have for families. It is divided into age-specific sections that clearly show parents what they need to know and do to protect their children. It points out common, but often unknown hazards. The author speaks from extensive experience and the book is filled with examples and statistics to illustrate key points. 

Pat The Bunny By Dorothy Kunhardt 

Pat the Bunny is one of those classic books that every parent should have for their toddler. You probably had it as a child, and perhaps your parents did as well. It's a wonderful book for toddlers because they can "explore" and use their senses as they are being read to about what they are doing - they can feel textures, see themselves in a mirror, play peek-a-boo, smell pretty smells and of course, pat the soft bunny. And the book is just the right size for small hands. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

New Videos 

VeggieTales - Lyle the Kindly Viking By Big Idea Productions 

This is a thoroughly wholesome and well done video. It's all about sharing and your children will learn something valuable while being pleasantly entertained. If you're tired of the commercialism or of the hyperkinetic nature of many kids videos, then this is one you'll appreciate.

The Land Before Time III-The Time of Great Giving By Universal 

This direct-to-video sequel (the second) to The Land Before Time suffers from less ambitious animation, but the story is superior to the last film. This time, a meteorite has cut off the water supply to the Great Valley, causing inhabitants to bicker and bully among themselves. By contrast, Littlefoot and his friends are getting along just fine, and they leave the valley to go in search of a new water source. Directed by Roy Allen Smith, who made the The Land Before Time II. --Tom Keogh 

Baby Van Gogh By The Baby Einstein Company 

This beautiful video has quickly became a favorite of my toddler. He runs around saying "baby van gogh... baby van gogh..." as only a toddler can do. I've lost track of the number of times we've watched this video together and each time we love it as much as the first time we watched it. This video and book combination is a wonderfully creative way to introduce colors, art and classical music to your young child. 

Baby Santa's Music Box By The Baby Einstein Company 

Imagine experiencing the holiday season - the sights, sounds and spirit of the happiest time of the year - through the eyes of a child. Baby Santa's Music Box is a magical excursion for babies and toddlers. Lights, ornaments, sleigh bells, stockings, presents, winter scenes, happy children and jolly Santas provide a colorful canvas for some of the most joyous holiday music ever written. 

Baby Mozart By The Baby Einstein Company 

This beautiful video for toddlers and infants has been based upon research showing that listening to Mozart's music can help increase a child's spatial intelligence and other cognitive skills. Whether or not this is true is almost beside the point because the video is just wonderful in its own right. The imagery is captivating and the music is engaging. My son and I have spent many hours enjoying this video. 

There Goes a Train By Kid Vision 

If you have a young child who is enthralled with trains, then this is a video that they'll love. It's a fun, sometimes silly, yet informative video about trains - the various types, how they work and what they do. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

New Children's Software 

Dinosaur Hunter Deluxe 

Discover the savage secrets of the earth's most ferocious creatures. Rewind history and travel through time with Dinosaur Hunter Deluxe. Wander through the incredible, 3-D dinosaur museum--slipping from one 100-million-year era to the next. Get really close to dinosaur heads, claws, jaws, and more via realistic 3-D models and larger-than-life videos and animations. Join world-famous paleontologists via real video clips. You can even excavate and revive your own ancient creature. There are 50 different dinosaur species, 30 3-D models and interactive consoles, 15 super-realistic video sequences, over 50 incredible animations, more than 500 illustrations, 700 information screens and pop-ups, and 60,000 words of text in this comprehensive package. 

Star Wars Pit Droids 

This is a fun game that teaches logic and problem solving skills in an environment that encourages trial and error learning. The goal of the game is to move a large shipment of Pit Droids through a series of hundreds of different mazes and puzzles to get them to the arena where they can get to work. The graphics quality and the animated antics of the droids keep this game interesting, even when your solutions to the puzzles are not working too well. 

Math for the Real World 

If your preteen questions the relevance of learning math in school, then this title will help them understand the myriad of ways that math skills are needed. The main characters travel across the U.S. doing math problems to earn money to finance their trip and their goal is to create a great music video in the process of their adventures. So if you need a 'hook' to get your preteen to enhance his/her math skills and this setting is of interest to them, then try out this title. 

JumpStart Baby

This is a fun learning experience for children ages 9 to 24 months. There are 8 online learning activities that introduce colors, shapes, animals, music, body parts and clothing. There are many other learning activities that parents can do with their child when they are not using the computer. It's a fun way to introduce your child to a computer. 

Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo

Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo is a cartoon-style scavenger hunt program where children can stop to play games along the way as well as learn interesting animal facts. A 'classic' for ages 3 to 8. 

Amazing Animals

Amazing Animals is, true to its title, amazing! There is a database of 120 animals with six multilevel games. But there's also enough information to help with those first research projects on animals. It's a winner! For ages 5 to 9. 

Fisher-Price Wild Western Town

Wild Western Town is a scavenger-hunt style CD-ROM program for children interested in a western "shoot 'em up" theme. Wild Western Town teaches problem solving, reading, creativity, and mouse manipulation, but mostly it's just plain fun. For ages 3 to 7. 

Yoda's Challenge

Yoda's Challenge is an entertaining and educational product, primarily designed for young Star Wars' fans. Children who like puzzles, music and tangrams will love this title. It is not your typical Star Wars product - it's devoid of star fighters, light sabers, battles and bad guys. Children can learn and play at their own rate in a non-competitive environment. For ages 6 to 8. 

Fisher-Price Adventure Pirate Ship

Pirate Ship is a scavenger-hunt style software program for children interested in pirates and the days of mayhem on the high seas. It teaches problem solving, reading, creativity, and mouse manipulation, but mostly it's just plain fun. For ages 3 to 7. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Store 

As you browse through our catalog you'll find pictures, descriptions, reviews and comments from other parents. Once you find a product you'd like to purchase, click on the order button for it and follow the instructions. (Note - books must be ordered separately from software.) We ask that if you decide to purchase one of our products because of what you've learned here at KidSource, that you go to the order page directly from the KidSource link. Otherwise we will not receive credit for the sale. Your help is appreciated! 

If you have any suggestions on products we should sell here, visit our Suggest a Product page. 

Thank you! 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

