

Agfacolor Vista Color Print Film 4 roll x 27 exp. Pack, ISO 200
 Special!....Buy 3/get 1 FREE packs offer outstanding savings on factory-fresh, late-2004 dated color print film, just in time for prime picture-taking seasons. Only Agfacolor Vista film has Eye Vision technology to reproduce colors and details as the human eye perceive them.
 only......$6.99 
Also available in ISO 400.
 For more information about this Film, or to order click on the picture. Or find it on page 18 of our new 74A catalog.

Thanks to John Gomes for
 sharing this photo.
 Visit
 

We Ship Quick!
 Most orders are shipped the same day
 they are received and our Midwestern location helps reduce delivery time, coast to coast! 

Pentax IQZOOM 95WR Date AF Zoom Camera
 The IQZoom 95WR braves the elements like no other 35mm zoom camera, with the highest water resistance rating of any camera in its class. And the rugged design means the 95WR will stand up to rough handling and keep turning out great shots, rain or shine.
 only...........$119.99
 For more information about this Point'n Shoot Camera or to order click on the picture. Or find it on page 131 of our new 74A catalog.
 
New Lower Price!
 Apacer Disk Steno CD Burner
 Now you don't have to be stuck with full camera memory cards away from your computer. The portable Disk Steno accepts most popular memory card formats and allows you to transfer those images anywhere, anytime onto CD-R and CD-RW disks for inexpensive and permanent storage. Accepts Compact Flash Type I and II, Microdrive, Memory Stick, Secure Digital, MultiMedia and SmartMedia cards.
 Now only.....$279.99
 For more information about this CD Burner, or to order click on the picture. Or find it on page 3 of our new 74A catalog.
 

Samsonite Model 507 Video/Photo Bag
 Big savings on a bag that is just the right size for an 8mm or MiniDV camcorder, a digital camera or a small 35mm SLR outfit. Made of durable black water-resistant fabric with dense padding to absorb bumps and smooth nylon inner lining. Main compartment measures 8-1/2W x 4D x 5in.H, includes an adjustable divider and has a rain guard lid with buckle closure. Zippered front pocket has plenty of space for charger, tapes, film, filters, etc. Mesh end pocket holds additional items.
 only...........$19.95
 For more information about this Video/Photo Bag or to order click on the picture. Or find it on page 40 of our new 74A catalog. 

 	  	 

"Super Excellent Delivery Time, Always very satisfied with Porter's."
 G.R.
 L.A., CA

 	 
"I was pleased the phone contact was totally familiar with product line to assist me"
 S. G.
 Wenatchee, WA
 More from our customers...

e-mail
 Porter's Camera Store 

or Call:
 1-800-553-2001 

  

 

