South China Morning Post - SCMP Store Feng-Shui and Destiny for Families Times Books International Is he the right one for me? Why are my partner and I going through such a rocky spell in our relationship now? How can I help my son do better at school? Choose a compatible life partner Protect and enhance family health Detect and encourage your child's talents Create a harmonious and successful home In this book, internationally renowned Feng Shui expert Raymond Lo shows you how you can use the ancient Chinese arts of Feng Shui and Pillars of Destiny to answer these questions and to understand and enrich your family life and relationships. To order, click here The Thousand Year Calendar for Feng Shui and Destiny This book is the indispensable companion to students of Feng Shui and Four Pillars of Destiny. It contains the calendar from 1900 to 2050 for converting the western birthdata into the Chinese Hsia calendar system necessary for destiny analysis. The book also includes the yearly and monthly Flying Stars for Feng Shui as well as the formula for working out the daily and hourly Flying Stars. Order now! Feng-Shui and Destiny Tynron Press, England Fate and fortune, Life and Luck, Death and Destiny are intriguing topics for serious study in the Chinese metaphysical subjects called "Feng Shui" and "Four Pillars of Destiny". This book explains the principles and techniques behind these two mysterious subjects about the fortunes of people and places, with many examples drawn from famous buildings in Hong Kong and influential people in the world. Read about how the fate of Hong Kong is affected by the directions of the Governor's House, how the author predicted the outcome of the Gulf war based on the destiny of President Bush and Saddam Hussein, why John Lennon died at a young age. Order now! Feng Shui - The Pillars of Destiny Times Books International Power, wealth, fame, success - are our fate merely left to the vagaries of change? This book offers a rare chance to unravel the secrets behind the mysterious arts of Feng Shui and the Four Pillars of Destiny. Using famous buildings and people as practical examples, this book demonstrates how the ancient metaphysical theories have a very real relevance to modern life. Read about the Feng Shui of the Hong Kong Chek Lap Kok airport and how it affects the destiny of the place. Follow the rise and fall of world famous personalities like Elvis Presley and Brandon Lee and understand the success of tycoons like Mr. Li Ka-shing and Sir Y.K Pao. This book opens the door to understanding your past, present and future. Order now! Feng Shui & Destiny for Managers Times Books International Business successes attributed to good Feng Shui are legion in the Far East. But what exactly is Feng Shui? Or, for that matter, destiny? How are these techniques employed in business? Can you learn to apply these methods to your own needs and thus gain an important advantage in the business world? The answer is a resounding YES! In this book, Raymond unveils the secrets behind the mysterious Chinese arts of Feng Shui, the Four Pillars of Destiny and the I Ching Oracle and offers invaluable step-by-step advice on how you can manage every aspect of your business or managerial career to greater heights of success. Using famous personalities ranging from Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing and Hollywood superstar Arnold Schwarzenegger to shipping magnate Sir Y.K. Pao and former U.S. President Richard Nixon, he demonstrates convincingly how you can: Choose the business or career most favourable to your destiny to ensure success Pinpoint the best time to invest in any venture Team up with winning business partners Hire and manage employees successfully Forecast prosperity in the stock market Choose and design a prosperous office Analyse business risks and uncertainties with confidence Select auspicious dates for important business occasions Order now! Subscribe to the South China Morning Post Get all the latest facts, figures and forecasts about Hong Kong and China for less than the cost of a phone call. Subscribe to the print edition of the South China Morning Post and Sunday Morning Post. Executively for SCMP's subscribers! Check the Special Price for: 1. People's Republic of China Year Book 1998/99, 2. Almanac of China's Foreign Economic Relations and Trade 1998/99 --> Local and Overseas Subscriptions available. Hong Kong's New Era on CD-ROM! (Available in Windows 95 format only) July 1 1997 marked a new beginning for Hong Kong as the Special Administrative Region of China. In the 1997 Handover CD-ROM, the South China Morning Post has captured this momentous event and the celebrations through hundreds of stories, interviews and photographs. Includes all stories on June 30 and July 1 1997 published on the SCMP Internet edition, plus video broadcasts of major Handover events, aerial views of Hong Kong and more! Order now! An unsurpassed souvenir of Hong Kong's moment on the world stage. To order, please click here . Double CD-ROM special package: SCMP 1997 Handover + Countdown to History CD-ROMs for only $ 288 Countdown to History CD-ROM contains historical articles, reports, opinions on issues published in the years leading up to the Handover. To order, please click here . --> Collector's Special -- Only US $ 12.50 Due to overwhelming demand we are reprinting a limited number of copies of the South China Morning Post, full editions for June 30 (last day of British administration) and July 1. These will be packaged, together with the 12-page pictorial published on July 6, in a special SCMP 1997 Commemorative Reunification Collector's Packet. Don't miss your chance to collect history in the making with the Post's unique coverage of the handover events. At only US $ 12.50 only. For Hong Kong residents, copies are available at HK $ 97.00 at SCMP Family Book Shops and Daily Stop outlets located at MTR stations. To order, please click here . --> South China Morning Post Microfilms The most complete representation of the South China Morning Post is available on microfilm. SCMP microfilms contain everything that was published including advertisements. A timely and manageable way to access the South China Morning Post as microfilms are compiled and dispatched every month in 2 reels. Back issues to 1984 available. Special package for microfilm subscribers: 50% discount on a set of 1993 - 1997 SCMP CD-ROMs. For more information please send e-mail to : photosales@scmp.com SCMP CD-ROM Edition The year's South China Morning Post in one CD-ROM. The South China Morning Post CD-ROM edition is the latest product in a tradition of newspaper publishing stretching back over 90 years. Included are full text articles, graphics, selected photographs and World Bank statistics in a fully searchable easy-to-use format. Top stories of the year ranging from property markets to sport have been identified to give you an instant view of the news. In addition there are lists of companies traded on Hong Kong and Chinese stock exchanges and also the names of selected personalities who feature prominently in the news. The South China Morning Post 1997 CD-ROM editions are currently shipping. For more information please click here or e-mail cdrom@scmp.com with your contact details. China Media Directory The road to comprehensive information on China's media starts here. The China Media Directory 1998/99 is a vital and essential handbook for planning your advertising strategy in China. With over a quarter of the world's population, China offers enormous business potential, but only if you know where to advertise. Selecting the right medium is critical. Which type of advertising is most effective in which cities? How can you best reach consumers interested in specific markets, such as computers and technology? And what are the legal constraints you need to know before you advertise? All the answers to these questions and more are in this book. If you are interested in advertising in China, you need the China Media Directory 1998-99. This information packed directory contains not only in-depth Media Profiles of China's major television, radio, newspapers, and magazines, but also includes useful surveys on China and its provinces, summaries of the major industries and businesses in each geographical area covered, an analysis of changing consumer trends, and recent advertising laws and regulations. For more information, point your browser to the China Media Directory Home Page . --> [SCMP Home] [SCMP Internet Edition] [Classified Post] [1997] Copyright © . South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.   --> 

 
 Feng-Shui and Destiny for Families
Times Books International

Is he the right one for me? Why are my partner and I going through such a rocky spell in our relationship now? How can I help my son do better at school? 

  

* Choose a compatible life partner

* Protect and enhance family health

* Detect and encourage your child's talents

* Create a harmonious and successful home 

In this book, internationally renowned Feng Shui expert Raymond Lo shows you how you can use the ancient Chinese arts of Feng Shui and Pillars of Destiny to answer these questions and to understand and enrich your family life and relationships. 

To order, click here 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

 

The Thousand Year Calendar for Feng Shui and Destiny

This book is the indispensable companion to students of Feng Shui and Four Pillars of Destiny. It contains the calendar from 1900 to 2050 for converting the western birthdata into the Chinese Hsia calendar system necessary for destiny analysis. The book also includes the yearly and monthly Flying Stars for Feng Shui as well as the formula for working out the daily and hourly Flying Stars. 

Order now! 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Feng-Shui and Destiny
Tynron Press, England

Fate and fortune, Life and Luck, Death and Destiny are intriguing topics for serious study in the Chinese metaphysical subjects called "Feng Shui" and "Four Pillars of Destiny". This book explains the principles and techniques behind these two mysterious subjects about the fortunes of people and places, with many examples drawn from famous buildings in Hong Kong and influential people in the world. Read about how the fate of Hong Kong is affected by the directions of the Governor's House, how the author predicted the outcome of the Gulf war based on the destiny of President Bush and Saddam Hussein, why John Lennon died at a young age.

Order now! 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Feng Shui - The Pillars of Destiny
Times Books International

Power, wealth, fame, success - are our fate merely left to the vagaries of change? This book offers a rare chance to unravel the secrets behind the mysterious arts of Feng Shui and the Four Pillars of Destiny. Using famous buildings and people as practical examples, this book demonstrates how the ancient metaphysical theories have a very real relevance to modern life. Read about the Feng Shui of the Hong Kong Chek Lap Kok airport and how it affects the destiny of the place. Follow the rise and fall of world famous personalities like Elvis Presley and Brandon Lee and understand the success of tycoons like Mr. Li Ka-shing and Sir Y.K Pao. This book opens the door to understanding your past, present and future.

Order now! 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Feng Shui & Destiny for Managers
Times Books International

Business successes attributed to good Feng Shui are legion in the Far East. But what exactly is Feng Shui? Or, for that matter, destiny? How are these techniques employed in business? Can you learn to apply these methods to your own needs and thus gain an important advantage in the business world?

The answer is a resounding YES! In this book, Raymond unveils the secrets behind the mysterious Chinese arts of Feng Shui, the Four Pillars of Destiny and the I Ching Oracle and offers invaluable step-by-step advice on how you can manage every aspect of your business or managerial career to greater heights of success.

Using famous personalities ranging from Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing and Hollywood superstar Arnold Schwarzenegger to shipping magnate Sir Y.K. Pao and former U.S. President Richard Nixon, he demonstrates convincingly how you can: 

* Choose the business or career most favourable to your destiny to ensure success 
* Pinpoint the best time to invest in any venture 
* Team up with winning business partners 
* Hire and manage employees successfully 
* Forecast prosperity in the stock market 
* Choose and design a prosperous office 
* Analyse business risks and uncertainties with confidence 
* Select auspicious dates for important business occasions 

Order now! 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Subscribe to the South China Morning Post 

Get all the latest facts, figures and forecasts about Hong Kong and China for less than the cost of a phone call. 

Subscribe to the print edition of the South China Morning Post and Sunday Morning Post. 

 

Local and Overseas Subscriptions available. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Hong Kong's New Era on CD-ROM!
(Available in Windows 95 format only) 

July 1 1997 marked a new beginning for Hong Kong as the Special Administrative Region of China. 

In the 1997 Handover CD-ROM, the South China Morning Post has captured this momentous event and the celebrations through hundreds of stories, interviews and photographs. 

Includes all stories on June 30 and July 1 1997 published on the SCMP Internet edition, plus video broadcasts of major Handover events, aerial views of Hong Kong and more! 

Order now! An unsurpassed souvenir of Hong Kong's moment on the world stage. 

To order, please click here. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

South China Morning Post 
Microfilms 

The most complete representation of the South China Morning Post is available on microfilm. SCMP microfilms contain everything that was published including advertisements.

A timely and manageable way to access the South China Morning Post as microfilms are compiled and dispatched every month in 2 reels. 

Back issues to 1984 available. 

Special package for microfilm subscribers: 50% discount on a set of 1993 - 1997 SCMP CD-ROMs. 

For more information please send e-mail to : photosales@scmp.com 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

SCMP CD-ROM Edition 
The year's South China Morning Post in one CD-ROM. 

The South China Morning Post CD-ROM edition is the latest product in a tradition of newspaper publishing stretching back over 90 years. Included are full text articles, graphics, selected photographs and World Bank statistics in a fully searchable easy-to-use format. 

Top stories of the year ranging from property markets to sport have been identified to give you an instant view of the news. In addition there are lists of companies traded on Hong Kong and Chinese stock exchanges and also the names of selected personalities who feature prominently in the news. 

The South China Morning Post 1997 CD-ROM editions are currently shipping. 

For more information please click here or e-mail cdrom@scmp.com with your contact details. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

[SCMP Home] [SCMP Internet Edition] [Classified Post] [1997] 

Copyright © 

