  

Does your store carry Dover books? Check out our Resources for Retailers.	

Search by title, author, item number, ISBN or keyword: 	 

BY SUBJECT		

Antiques	

Architecture	

Art	

Children	

Crafts	

Literature	

Music	

Science and Mathematics	

Stationery, Seasonal Books, Gift Sets	

see all Categories	

FEATURES		

Shakespeare	

Origami	

Dracula And Friends	

Fashion And Costumes	

Children's Classics	

Frank Lloyd Wright	

Dinosaurs!	

Presidents	

Survivor!	

see all features	

New Releases
Frederick Douglass on Slavery and the Civil War: Selections from His Writings epresentative selections from the great body of speeches and writings of the great abolitionist and statesman focus on the slave trade, the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln, suffrage for African-Americans, reconstruction in the South, and other issues a...
Read more
Fairyland Stained Glass Coloring Book rresistible illustrations of fairies, elves, water sprites, and other denizens of fairyland by one of the most popular illustrators of the Victorian period have been adapted for this charming coloring book. Sixteen boldly rendered scenes, displayi...
Read more
Calculus: Problems and Solutions deal for self-instruction as well as for classroom use, this text helps students improve their understanding and problem-solving skills in analysis, analytic geometry, and higher algebra. More than 1,200 problems appear in the text, with concise e...
Read more
200 Brilliant Endgames by Irving Chernev
Twelve Mary Cassatt Bookmarks by Mary Cassatt
Paul Bunyan Coloring Book by Bruce LaFontaine

See more

Editor's Picks
Leonardo on Art and the Artist ere is a complete picture of the techniques and working philosophy of one of the greatest artistic geniuses of the Renaissance. Assembled by a brilliant scholar from Leonardo's own writings--Notebooks and The Treatise on Painting--as...
Read more
Famous American Women by Gregory Guiteras
Peter Pan by J. M. Barrie
Extraordinary Popular Delusions by Charles Mackay
Iberia and España: Two Complete Works for Solo Piano by Isaac Albeniz
The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam: First and Fifth Editions by Edward FitzGerald

See more

Customer's Favorites
Mars Exploration: Fact and Fantasy ascinating book chronicles factual and fantastic aspects of Mars in 44 dramatic ready-to-color illustrations, among them a scene from Ray Bradbury's classic novel Martian Chronicles; Hollywood's film versions of "War of the Worlds" and "Invaders f...
Read more
Great Love Poems by Shane Weller
Continuous Line Quilting Designs by Pat Cody
Flags of the World: 96 Full-Color Pressure-Sensitive Stickers by A. G. Smith
The Varieties of Religious Experience by William James
1001 Plant and Floral Illustrations: From Early Herbals by Richard G. Hatton

See more

Free Catalogs 	
Click Here
 	

Join Dover's
 Online Family 	

Click Here 	

Store Locator 	
Find a Retailer
 Near You! 
Click Here 	

Need Help?Click Here	

Free eCards 

Click Here 	

Music Books and Scores		

About Music	

Solo Piano and Other Keyboard	

Organ	

Opera	

Orchestral	

Chamber	

Popular	

see all Categories	

Join the Dover Family | Track Your Order | Your Account | Shipping Rates and Policies | Returns | Customer Service | About Dover | Join Our Staff | Privacy Notice | Terms of Use 	

