and snow in cases was usually shoulders up around his ears and stress and frosty noise and pain. He scooted his chair back, well aware that all eyes were on the two of them.

It was easy enough; Greg tugging him up and out of the room, and none of them seemed bothered by it, didn't seem to mind them leaving without so much as a by-your-leave. There were coats and scarves at the door, hats, gloves. They didn't so much seem to belong to anyone as they were there for whoever came by and needed them. Greg rifled through them, pulling out bits that seemed to work, and then he began bundling Will up in them, still with that little secret smile that seemed to say he was going to enjoy the hell out of whatever came next.

He had an urge to hug Greg, randomly, and instead just went with it, drifting a little and grinning as he pulled on a pair of gloves that were too big. There were others, of course there were, but he liked the feel of those, and Greg seemed to, as well. Hell, Greg had gloves for all kinds of seasons and reasons, thin cotton, thick leather, multiple colors and styles. Today's were more like mittens, thick wool with an inner liner that was water-resistant, and Will could feel the plans he seemed to be making at the back of his head.

Snowball fights. Why not?

He shifted his focus away from Greg, wanted it to be a fair fight for at least once. Then again, Greg had all the experience and he wasn't going to cheat and work out how best to make a snowball. "Should we stake out positions, or? All I can think of is that Donald Duck cartoon."

"With the nephews as pinballs?" Greg grinned at him. "I say we go ahead and set up an ambush point. I'll show you how to make the best snowballs, and then...." His eyebrows wriggled with enthusiasm. "We'll go against one another until we find a better target."

"Yes! I want to watch stupid cartoons, now." Will leaned over to rub his arm, and decided he liked that plan best of all. He wasn't used to competing with Greg on anything other than the odd game that Greg kicked his ass in, and their regular paintball sessions with Sheppard and McKay. They got their ass kicked together, then.

Greg's grin was full of energy. "When we're done burying my cousins in snow. Loony Tunes and hot chocolate. Now c'mon."

It was an odd thing to feel anxious over, but it spoke to the importance of Greg in his life.

~*~*~*~

Greg's tension had ratcheted up to match his father's, but they were all tense to the point where it made him wonder why they bothered going. It was clear that everyone enjoyed it almost to the point of wrist-slitting being preferable, but people did strange things for family.

Very strange things, considering Greg had pulled on his thickest set of leather gloves before they'd even left the house -- not good driving ones, but the ones he used at especially bad scenes before he decided exactly what to touch and whether the resulting nose bleed would be worth it.

It put Will in a bit of a mean mood, probably unnecessarily so, but he dealt with life with humor, and waiting for things to go wrong. He was waiting, too, for something to cross his senses, left everything wide open just in case. Left himself open because he had a feeling, something like a tongue probing at a sore tooth.

Something off.

Being open wasn't so bad around the Hojem lot. They were all pretty mellow, and the worst fight so far had been Dalla and Disa bickering about how much chili powder actually went in the chili they were making for supper. Being open on the way to visit people who so clearly left Greg and his parents feeling grim and unhappy, well. It was a completely different matter, then, one that left him suspicious and twitchy. 

Half thoughts and fears and just dread, thick and clinging to everyone in the van, and Will mostly preferred to think about the horror of why on earth Greg's parents had a van, and guesses at what they did in it when they were driving through more than one state.

"Don't think about it," Greg advised, voice a bare murmur. "They'll tell you about their experience with the El Camino at some Pink Floyd concert. That never ends well for anyone."

"Why, were you conceived there?" Will asked, half facetiously, and then realized that, yeah, maybe he shouldn't have whispered anything.

Audun laughed, not her usual kind of laugh, but nice all the same. "Actually, I'm pretty sure that was after a particularly good birthday party with far too many margaritas. It was..."

"LALALALALA," Greg yelled, winking. "Don't damage me