system. It was maybe ridiculous to think he would manage it, but there it was. The light was shitty in fits and starts, but that was half of the enjoyment. Maybe someone would have the balls it took to jump him and he could get some of his inner pissy aggression out for the evening.

He was angry and bored, and under-challenged at work, and he missed the army. He missed a lot of things, he missed, he -- and he couldn't stop playing that fucking IED blast through his head, he couldn't not-think about the way his hearing went after every shot, no matter how much earpro he used or what silencer he used with what type of lubricant. It was all there, sitting behind his eyes in every moment where he wasn't distracting himself.

"I can help you with that."

There he was, leaning against a lamppost, light shining down on him as if it could somehow brighten who he was. Bastian was fairly certain that would be the biggest fucking lie imaginable.

"Don't think that I can't imagine exactly what's been going on, what you've been thinking. I can practically see the sparks behind your eyes, the way it's.... sssssearing you down to the bone."

He felt his jaw flex before he clenched it tight and pressed his tongue against his teeth because he wasn't going to get another charge brought down on him. Wasn't. He was going to pretend he had a fucking grip on himself and not touch the man, not do a fucking thing. "You need to either stop talking in riddles, or fuck off, little man."

"You're bored. You are far too intelligent to be stuck in an office counting beans. I can help you with that. Give you something to do that you would prefer to the idiotic day to day grind of logistics, shipping things in and out and up and down when you could be doing something useful. Something exciting. I can give you that."

He wanted it. He wanted that, he wanted to do something that mattered because he wasn't a pogue. That was what had driven him crazy as he'd made his way up the ranks, he didn't want to be a staffer, he wasn't into the powerpoint wars for funding that had to be done, wasn't into administrative drills rather than battle drills. "What're you offering?"

The spread of Moriarty's arms were both invitation and explanation. "So many things. All the money you could want.. No need to be bored or angry or anything because oh, baby, I can use all of your talents. Each and every one. All you have to do is say yes."

He stepped in closer to the man. "What the hell am I saying yes to?" But all the money he could want, and his talents -- killing? Snapping? Every socially unwanted thing he'd ever fucking done during his career, the ones he'd managed to sweep under the table and the ones he hadn't?

There was just something about the sparkle of those eyes, the way he moved in a little too close, close enough that Bastian could seriously hurt him if he wanted to do it. The lack of fear was almost as delicious as it might have been if he had seemed afraid, and then he tilted up his head and breathed a response, the scents of mint and beer washing out with the words. "Honey, you are saying yes to the adventure of your life."

Unbelievable. Sebastian closed his eyes briefly, teeth still clenched. It was tempting; it was tempting and he wondered if he was going to have to say yes just to find out what it was, or if he could turn his back and head to his flat and go back to his other job and other life. "From a scrawny little businessman who's just a little drunk."

Drunk, but clearly sure of himself. "I should think it would be reassuring that I'm not very, very drunk, but to each his own."

Clearly the man was askew, but Sebastian closed his eyes. Worst case, he could say yes and then say no afterwards. "Yes." There weren't any rules about changing his mind after he got a hold of himself.

There was something about that smile, those teeth. "Oh, you are going to love this."

"I'd be more inclined to believe you if you told me what 'this' actually is." He was naturally patient, able and willing to out-wait the smartest target because he would, eventually, slip up and show himself. Except in this case, the man was showing himself right there, but not what his hand was, not what he was carrying on about. Just his bright wild eyes.

"Some things require seeing in order to believe. This might take a day or two. Perhaps, oh, you should pack a bag." A quick glance took him in