the sofa before Lian sat up and glared at Lex. His expression was hard, a little angry, and he seemed pissed.

Lex moved to hang his jacket up, nonplussed as he passed by Lian. "Glad to see that my little brother thinks he's my keeper."

"Someone has to be, Lex." The sentence was hard, spoken harshly. "If I didn't think I had the job, you'd be dead right now."

"Really?" Keep it calm and bored, Lex reminded himself. It was the only way for his brother to not know that he was following the bait.

"Yes, really." Lian was nearly snarling with fury as he rose up and crowded Lex back against the cabinet full of liquor and glasses towards which he'd been moving. "You didn't think you'd just magically escaped that fucking Porsche, did you?"

Trapped animals could either run for it, run in sheer fear, or stand their ground. The ones that stood their ground probably faced the same fate as the other two options, but at least Lex would be able to feel better about his fate for having stood his ground.

"I thought I had," Lex drawled carefully, taking a step towards the cabinet as if he didn't feel Lian's presence close behind him.

The faint brush of his brother's hands traced across his hipbones as Lian breathed the answer into his ear. "You didn't, Lex. There's a reason I didn't call you, Lex. I knew that you were safe. Lex."

Steady hands were important. Lex shoved down a shiver, picking up a bottle of his favorite brandy. "You're telling me that you pulled me out."

"I'm telling you that you'd be dead right now if I hadn't followed you to Smallville. I've been here off and on for two weeks before now, so get used to it, Lex. I'm not leaving."

Not words that were easy to digest. Lex closed his eyes for a moment, blindly picking up a glass for his drink. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"Would it have made you happy?" God, those hands were still on him. "No. It would have just pissed you off that I pulled you out of that river. You want to be the dead son to my favorite, Lex. I won't let that happen."

"And here I thought that was why you followed me to Smallville. To drive my sanity over the bridge and be rid of me once and for all." Common sense told him that was why Lian was there; self-pity said it was because Lian needed to show him up to shine all the brighter; self-hatred said that it was because Lian was unaware of Lex's thoughts, innocent in at least one aspect.

Proper brothers didn't hold each other at the hip like Lian was doing.

"You're never going to be rid of me, Lex," Lian murmured huskily against his ear. "You're never going to find yourself without me. And I refuse to ever be without you. You're my brother, Lex." You're my everything, he didn't say.

"Then you probably need to move your hand from near my crotch," Lex murmured, taking a step towards and into the table, and then a smooth side-step in the fractional space he'd afforded himself.

"Does it make you nervous, Lex?" Lian allowed him that movement, and they both knew it. He couldn't have stepped away if Lian hadn't been willing to allow it. "I assume that's why you've locked the door between us."

"I enjoy the facade of privacy -- hence, I locked the door. If you hadn't mauled the handle, you and I both know that you could've picked it in a second." He'd retreated, but only far enough to try to stab in a deflecting blow at his brother.

"That's not the point, Lex. It's not ever going to be the point. We both know I could break down the wall if I really wanted to." Lian moved away from him, and Lex knew his retreat was more than allowed; that it was also driving Lian to fit-throwing proportions.

"But you won't," Lex countered, turning smoothly to look at Lian and pour himself his drink at the same time. "Being so rash would be highly counterproductive for you."

It would, and they both knew it. Even if Lian didn't want to admit it. "I'm going to have what I want, Lex. You can't get out of it. Dying isn't an option any more than killing yourself with all of that shit you snorted and shot up was."

Funny how Lian was wrong. Lex had assumed he simply couldn't die, and now... now to know that he