can imagine what's inside of it. But it's designed in such a way that I can control how much kryptonite radiates through. After the outer layer, there are interwoven meshes. I'm quite pleased with it, for a workbench piece."

Yeah, that was a little... nerve-wracking, actually. Kryptonite wasn't what Kon would call fun. Early exposure pretty much proved to him that it hurt like a mofo and puking didn't seem like a sex kind of behavior. "I'm imagining it. I'm not that sure I like the sound of it."

"Just... hold your hand out. And trust me, Kon." He slid his thumb over the top as he put a knee on the edge of the bed nearest to Kon. Nothing that he could feel yet, until he turned it to press against Kon's palm.

Fuck.

Fuck, that was... that was weird. That was just eighteen fucking kinds of weird, and it hurt, made him vaguely nauseated but it wasn't vein-bubbling shuddering bad. "Ngh."

"I can make it stronger... or weaker. How does that feel? The first setting was just a guess." Setting and stronger or weaker, when Kon was pretty sure that it was just kryptonite beneath wire, but it was hard to tell with Lex.

"Feels..." Bad. Weird. Good, when Lex reached out with his left hand and stroked a thumb gently over his skin. "Oh. Shit." He couldn't tell.

A funny smile played over Lex's mouth, and he shifted his other hand on the slender card. Kon could suddenly feel more, and the curve of a fingernail against the back of his hand.

That was... Weird. The whole thing, and then the press of Lex's thumb slid up and over the bone of his wrist, caressing faintly, and that was so much sensation compared to what he normally felt. "Oh."

"I'm making the assumption that it's a close approximation of what people without the TK field feel." Lex was taking his time with his fingertips, dragging them, stretching them across Kon's lower arm, the sensitive inside.

"I've never been normal." Lex's right hand remained carefully to the side because he probably didn't feel as much from it, neuron wiring aside. "It's kind of..." Neat, and strange, and the funny hot-flushed-hurt-tad-queasy feeling wasn't going away, but it was maybe worth it for the way that thumb rubbed at the inner crook of his elbow, making him moan. Wow.

He could feel, more than pressure, more than a push against his skin, even if he had to feel sick and achy to get that feeling. "Kind of...?"

"I don't know." There was no way to describe it, and he drew in a shaky breath, drawing his hands into loose fists. He couldn't know how touching  would be affected right now, couldn't know if he would hurt Lex in the situation they were in right now. Hurting somebody and sex didn't much go hand in hand for him.

"Easy. Easy. Just relax, Kon." His fingers trailed back up to Kon's wrist, trying to get him to open his hand. "I think you'll be fine."

"Think." Yeah, but he was already sex-raspy, and he couldn't help letting his fingers loosen, still curled but not so tightly. Lex was stupidly inclined towards risk, but then, pretty much anybody having sex with a Kryptonian probably had a secret death wish somewhere deep. "Okay."

Okay because it was easier, okay because Lex was so fucking hot, okay because no matter what, that willingness to take risks was part of what made this so damned hot.

"Good." He exhaled, moved his fingers over from arm to chest, caressing slowly over Kon's pectoral.

God.

Fuck, he was going to propose if everything kept feeling this fantastic, never mind the creeping pain radiating from the parts of him most exposed to that device. More than fantastic, amazing, and he couldn't help drawing in a shuddery breath. Jesus, god. That was completely amazing, fantastic enough that he could totally ignore the bad side of the kryptonite exposure. Weird combination, pleasure and uncomfortable fucking nausea pain but it was working for him for now. He could make it work, just because, sensation. Sensations he'd never felt before. Sensations he wanted to feel again and again, and he'd bet Lex could come up with a way without it feeling like kryptonite exposure, could come up with a way that he could feel his nipple being tweaked like that without the other edge, and then he moaned because ow. Ow, that was good and bad and good and wow. Wow, that pinch was fucking amazing.

Words were kind of failing him just at the moment because holy fucking shit