you.

Slowly coming up to my feet, I leveled him a wary look and opened my mouth to respond. "I'm listening. What do you want?"

I'd have phrased it nicer, but who am I kidding; I could sooner keep the insolence from my tone as the moon could refuse to rise every evening.

Khronos spared me a bland look and motioned one hand around himself slowly, and then arched an eyebrow, as if saying Out here? Are you serious?

"Yessir I am. You do not have my permission to cross my threshold until I've heard, in normal human octaves, exactly what it is that you are expecting me to perform for you yourself." I answered his unspoken question without a drop of sarcasm- guess the moon won't be rising tonight, after all.

Something inhuman passed across his features, a flat, dark look, seeming to reshape how his face molded together.

Then it was gone and he stepped forward and across my threshold as if it was nonexistent. And it most assuredly was not, given all of the hours and days I had toiled to make sure this place was as much a home in the proper sense as any other in the world.

"Mister Dresden, despite my name and its role in history, I do not have unlimited time at my side to spare with fencing words at one another like this. The window to interfere grows smaller with every minute of time that passes forward. Do you understand me?" He asked sharply.

I narrowed my eyes at his own tone. "What do you want?" I repeated.

One hand clenched into a fist, but he pressed his emotions back down under the mask he wore, and with a gesture the door at his back slammed closed again. With that done Khronos stared back at me with those too-wide pupils for several seconds, as if weighing his words before delivering them.

"As you are well aware, their is no law prohibiting transition throughout the flow of time. It is, I believe your kind views, a task deemed more or less futile due to the weight and speed with which the current runs. You would need a significant degree of opposite and surpassing strength to wade through it."

I nodded once. A mortal wizard could, at best, and at the risk of burning their life out for it as all too many hopeless schmucks had proven throughout history, make a localized journey backwards or forwards in time to within about fifteen minutes, provided you had enough juice built up to draw upon.

It took less to speed your perception of time up or slow it down rather than try to overcome it altogether, but I could manage a jump to within a few minutes, provided Demonreach was willing to comply and supply the necessary oomph.

"Unlike you mortals, our kind have a firmer understanding. My brethren and I are more than capable of sundering the current flow and forcing it unto a separate path- which we have already done all too often. Do you understand?" He asked.

"No." I answered simply. His face flitted through that dark, subhuman expression again, but Mouse let out a low growl in the back of his throat, and the deity's eyes locked onto my Foo dog's for a long moment.

Then he exhaled tiredly and leaned against the steel door. I frowned.

"Say that you and yours decided to divert a river, and your first decision is to create a dam to block it. The river is soon caught up and overflowing, if done improperly, and spills back along the way that it came to some degree. Drainage ditches are created to divert some of the river aside, but a lack of attention insures that the ditch is filled to the brim before it is ready, and soon runs freely over the lay of the land. Before you can stop it, the land is flooded, taking with it so many lives, and the only choice is to destroy what is built of the dam to return the river to its natural course in the hope of releasing the land of its damage. To some degree the flood has already reentered into the empty river bed, but as the water level slowly diminishes, pockets and pools and even perhaps a lake or two are left standing behind, alone, separated. Due to the casualties already sustained, you lack the necessary force to remove these unsightly and wasteful pools, and over time, they stagnate and decay, and disease accumulates within them that spreads to the surrounding area."

Khronos managed to say all of that without once needing to stop and breath, and I gaped at him, even as my mind processed his message and the underlying point. After a few seconds I got it. "You're saying that time has been broken up like that?" I asked him.

The deity nodded. "I am alone among my kind these days, Harry Dresden. There is little enough that I may do about this as such, though I may still step upon the surface of time and trek back and forth as an observer."

"So what happens when a..." I struggled to wrap my