-chest) with the man, her own inviting eyes staring into his dark ones. His face showed a hint of worry, but it was soon masked with an emotion that mirrored her own, a nice disguise. He was even more handsome up close, sadly.

    One of her hands had drifted up to his black tie, tugging on the rich fabric, teasing him. He grinned back,his eyes darkening.

    “And if I was?” He asked, and Jyn was surprised to hear his voice; it was deep and held a hint of Mexican origin. It wasn’t what she expected, especially from an agent. Perhaps she was wrong. Perhaps she had lost her touch.
She swallowed down the doubt holding her back, still feeling confident in her decision.

    “That would be a perfect coincidence.” Jyn said, lifting herself up onto her edge of her heels, pressing her lips to his in a move of impatience and impulsiveness. He responded immediately, pushing her back into the wall behind them, if not a bit roughly. His hands travelled up her back, down the satin of her dress, tickling the skin at the nape of her neck.
Jyn lightly pushed him away, a bit proud of the disheveled look he had adopted, his hair unruly and his eyes dark and intrigued. She grinned, pushing past him with a light giggle. He seemed confused for a moment, until she motioned for him to follow.

    Once they reached the guest room, she pushed him inside, claiming his lips once again as he shut the door behind them. When she broke it apart, she reached behind her back as if to unzip her dress, tossing him an inviting grin. He was too busy throwing off his suit jacket to notice that she did not unzip her dress, but rather grabbed one of the heels of her foot.

    It made contact with the side of his face so fast that he barely had time to react; he knew there was blood, and it started to warm the side of his face. But the adrenaline had ignited both of them, and it was too engaging to focus on his battered face.

    He kicked her feet out from under her in a quick, swooping motion, letting out a snarl as he did so. Jyn tried her best to dodge it, but the hard motion to her shins left her off balance, lunging for a chair.
He started after the chair, but she beat him to it, grabbing the back and swinging it at her attacker.

    It shattered on his side, but made him stumble a few steps back. Jyn took the opportunity to lunge for the door, but he caught her before she had grasped the doorknob. He threw her on the ground, the air knocked out of her.

    He sat on her waist, leaving her scrambling for leverage.

    And, to her surprise, he grinned, shaking his head. He turned his head to the side to spit out a bit of blood, the amusement still on his face.

    "They’re right, you are a little fighter.” He said, his accent now much more prominent. His grin was sharp, but she could clearly see the admiration in the look; she didn’t think admiration would keep her from death, though.

    “American?” Jyn asked, scowling at the man above her.

    “Of course.” He said with a toothy grin. “But I just want to talk to you.”

    “And murder me.” Jyn admitted spitefully. She had a huge target on her back, heir to the Russian Erso fortune and a worker for the government herself. The damned Americans had some heroic dream of killing her, for some reason.

    "No, I’m not CIA.” He said, no longer grinning. She wasn’t sure what to think of it; he was a perfect actor, and she didn’t trust him as far as she could throw him. But, it wasn’t as if she had much say in this exchange, pinned to the floor.

    “That doesn’t mean you don’t want me dead.” Was all Jyn could muster, however pathetic it sounded.

    “I don’t. I don’t believe dissenting opinions should be silenced like they do.” He said, shrugging, as if he were admitting a foundation of his beliefs. “I don’t work for them, but I do work for an agency.”

    “And what do I have to do with this?” 

    “You’re not entirely bad, Jyn.” He said.

    She barked out a laugh; it was hilarious to her, this spy pinning her to the floor after she bruised him up, calling her a great human. What a joke.

    But he was looking at her seriously, his eyes without a hint of humor. He loomed over her, his face above hers, and she was suddenly struck with the intimacy of the situation. She wasn’t about to lie and say she hadn’t had quite a few men over her- but none like this, looking deeper into her than she would allow.

    “We know