to them.

“You wouldn’t believe me in the first place.” Bodhi said, talking through a mouthful of bread. Bodhi Rook was not without his charms. 

“You mean whatever you and Jyn are doing behind everyone’s back?” Cassian asked, one eyebrow shooting up into a curious face. Bodhi rolled his eyes, pushing up his pilot goggles on his head. 

“This is why she didn’t want to tell you.” Bodhi admitted, beginning to stack his plates together and gather up his things. 

“Will someone tell me what the hell is going on with my team?” Cassian said, trying not to grit his teeth and set his jaw. He wouldn’t find this out through anger or force, he knew that much. Bodhi just laughed, light-hearted and oblivious as ever.

“Oh, captain, you crack me up.” Bodhi said, off to go dump his dirtied trays, humming and completely involved in his own world.

------------

“Don’t you know how to keep a secret?” Baze muttered to his companion, both men talking in hushed, quiet tones to one another. Cassian had to strain his ears to overhear the conversation on the ship.

Chirrut had muttered something back, too quiet for Cassian to pick up, and Baze had snorted loudly. 

“The force can’t help you with that.” Baze said brazenly, rolling his eyes with a scoff. Cassian turned around his captain chair, trying to act as casual and friendly as possible.

“Secrets?” Cassian asked.

He wasn’t the best with friendships.

“Yes, secrets.” Chirrut said, grinning wildly as he stared in Cassian’s direction. Cassian scowled, frustrated at the two bright, amused grins the two men gave him. It was as if he were being left out of a circle, not allowed to be in on the fun for fear of ruining it.

He was even more irritated that it bothered him.

“Why can’t I know, then?” Cassian asked them, his brows furrowed together. Chirrut laughed.

“It’s really not a big secret, captain.” Chirrut chuckled. “If you must know, Jyn would be the one to tell you, not us.”

“It’s a secret because of her insistence, not ours.” Baze added in, giving Cassian an amused smirk. They were both enjoying this, eating up how uncomfortable Cassian was in the moment.

------------

Cassian knocked loudly on the door, rapping his knuckles against the metal surface. He tapped his foot impatiently; it was really getting to him, and he’d turned impatient and irritated with the situation.

“Jyn?” He asked loudly, knocking again. He knew she was in here; she’d skipped dinner for the second time that week, and Jyn Erso did not skip meals. He was sure that the day he saw her skip a meal would be the day that she met her end.

Hopefully she was still alive.

“That’s Cassian!” Came a loud, frantic whisper from inside. It was Jyn, and by the sound of the frenzied scrambling inside, she was preoccupied.

“What do I do?” Asked another voice, deeper- Bodhi. It was just as terrified. Cassian was confused; he raised his hand to knock again, but decided to stay quiet for a moment. He’d let this play out for a few more seconds, even if it wasn’t the most ethical think, eavesdropping on two close friends. 

“Get in the closet!” Jyn hissed.

The close? Cassian thought, a stab of jealousy going through him. Surely they weren’t- no, that was insane. Right? There was no way. He’d thought that it was them, not her and…. Bodhi? That sounded so wrong and sour on his tongue.

There was no way.

There was a crash of something loud in the room and a muttered curse, followed by a shutting door and a click of a lock.

The door to her room opened a crack, and she looked up at him through the sliver of doorway, her bright green eyes staring him down warily.

“Can I help you, captain?” Jyn asked innocently, not conveying the fact that she was hiding something from him. Something really big, and disgusting, Cassian thought. 

“Is Bodhi in there?” Cassian asked abruptly, callous and without thinking. This whole situation and perceived rejection had turned him into some fumbling teenager, confused and irritated. Jyn’s eyes got wider, her mouth opened in an adorable face of surprise. A few hairs had escaped from her signature bun, instead falling to frame her big eyes.

“Fine.” Jyn said angrily, her eyes falling to the floor and her door swinging open. She pursed her lip and furrowed her eyebrows, seemingly unhappy with the situation at hand. She looked oddly close to throwing a temper tantrum.

“Can’t keep it up anymore, Bodhi.” Jyn sighed, running a hand through her messy hair as she let Cassian into her quarters.

It was messy, dim and warm,