, Valiant was waiting for him with two of his lackeys. Gilli was a new addition to the team this year, a left-back who had a tendency to slack off while over-estimating himself and had earned more than one dressing down from Arthur for it. The third boy, Cedric, wasn't even on the team and had no business at all hanging around in the changing rooms.

From the way the three formed a solid wall blocking his way, Arthur immediately had a sense of foreboding. There was a tension in the air, a confrontation looming that had the potential to get ugly. Arthur knew that, while he might be able to take on Valiant, he would definitely have the disadvantage if he had to go up against all three of them. The fact that he was naked apart from a towel loosely slung around his hips, while the others were fully dressed, only helped to emphasise his vulnerability.

''Have you been waiting for me? Or what are you still doing here?'' Arthur asked, trying to sound casual.

''Yeah,'' Valiant said with a mean glint in his eyes. ''I wanted to talk to you.''

Arthur raised his eyebrows. ''All right, let me get dressed and I'll meet you outside.''

''We want to talk now.''

Taking a deep breath, Arthur crossed his arms over his chest and subtly widened his stance. ''What's so important, then, that it can't wait a few more minutes?''

Valiant narrowed his eyes. ''What? Not going to get dressed, Pendragon? We can talk at the same time.''

Arthur shot him an ironic look. ''I'm fine, thank you.''

This seemed to knock Valiant off his stride and he frowned for a moment before he pulled himself up again to full bluster. ''Well... We don't like your faggoty training methods,'' he spat, putting his hands on his hips and making the muscles in his arms bulk out.

''They are the same training methods we used last year, which took us all the way to the championships,'' Arthur reminded him, not raising up to the bait.

''We didn't know you're a faggot then!''

Arthur did his best to hold on to his calm. ''Me being gay doesn't change their efficiency,'' he said sharply.

Valiant sneered. ''There's too much touching involved. We don't want to be groped by a homo.''

Arthur grit his teeth. ''I haven't ever partnered with you during any of them, and I don't plan to. So what, exactly, is your problem, Val?''

Valiant took a step closer, right into Arthur's space. ''We don't like having to watch faggots pawing each other either,'' he hissed.

''We? Cedric isn't even on the team – and shouldn't be in here, by the way,'' he shot the shifty boy a glare before he turned back to Valiant, ''Why don't you come out and say it, Val? This is you having a problem with me.''

''And if it is?''

Arthur raised his chin. ''Then, unless you can come up with any professional concerns, I suggest you get over it or step down from the team.''

''Oh no, Pendragon, I'm not gonna leave the team. But you should because there's no place for faggots!''

That's when the first push came, but Arthur had been expecting it and only stumbled a little before he found his footing again. Balling his hands into fists, he raised them in front of him defensively.

As if they had only waited for this signal to attack, all three of the boys stormed at him. Gilli wasn't the brightest crayon in the box, but he had a lot of brutal strength and Cedric proved enough of an distraction to throw Arthur off his balance They scuffled, and Arthur got a few good punches in, but in the end, it was him being pinned against the wall by five hands, completely starkers after having lost his towel in the fight. Valiant glared at him with triumphant fury and gripped Arthur's hair, banging his head against the wall with so much force that Arthur vision went black for a moment.

He was too disoriented to realise what was happening when he suddenly felt a gust of wind, and then there was a series of bangs as Arthur's attackers flew backwards, crashing into the lockers and slumping to the floor with a chorus of groans and curses.

Trying to clear his vision, Arthur blinked and caught sight of Merlin standing in the doorway. The other boy's eyes were glowing golden and the air was almost crackling with energy around him. Too dumbstruck, Arthur didn't know what to say, all he could do was stare at Merlin with his heart beating wildly in his chest, pumping so much adrenalin through his veins, he felt almost high with it. Merlin stared back and, suddenly, there was a gentle, tingling touch at the corner of Arthur's mouth,