with Smithly. Harry made sure to head home before Draco would come to pick up his son, and spent the night brooding alone at home.

 



 




The following weeks were quite busy for Harry. A group of young vampires was causing trouble in Knockturn Alley, and he had to supervise an Auror guard to keep the streets in and around Diagon safe for both the customers and the shopkeepers.

The combination of long days and restless nights was breaking him up, and when they finally caught the culprits red-handed, Harry was tired and unfocused.

It was stupid, really. He’d known from witness statements that the group was made up of five vampires, so he also should’ve known they weren’t finished when they bound four of them. Still, it didn’t occur to him until a pair of sharp teeth dug into his neck.

The little bugger was petrified by one of the other Aurors, but not before he’d drained a good portion of Harry’s blood.

He was lightheaded and staggered a little. Smithly was next to him in a flash, and pulled Harry’s arm over his shoulder, yelling at their colleagues that he was going to take Harry to St Mungo’s.

“Fuck, no,” he moaned. “Stop fretting, I’m fine. Nothing a good night’s sleep won’t fix.”

“But Harry,” Smithly whined, “you should see a Healer. I’ll take you, it’ll be alright.”

Harry pulled back his arm and pushed his partner away. “You’re not taking me anywhere. I’m going home. Tell Robards I’m taking a few personal days.”

He Apparated home and slumped on his couch. He would sit there for a little while, gathering the strength to drag himself upstairs to his bed.

 



 




The sound of the doorbell roughly pulled Harry from a most wonderful dream. He’d been in bed with Draco’s strong hands softly caressing his back, as a mouth traced light kisses over his shoulder and down his arm.

Harry blinked and looked around him, only to realise he’d fallen asleep on the couch, alone, in his Auror robes.

The doorbell rang again.

“Fuck,” Harry swore under his breath, but stood and made his way to the door anyway.

“Oh, thank God, you’re here,” Hermione said, as he opened the door and she rushed past him. “We need to talk.”

Harry slowly closed the front door and turned to face her. “Good evening, Hermione. How lovely to see you. Why don’t you come in,” he said dryly, and followed her to the living room.

“What on earth did you do to your neck?” Hermione asked, when he slumped back down on the couch.

Harry opened his mouth to reply, but she immediately cut him off.

“Never mind, it can wait. What do you know about Veela?”

She looked at him intently as he ran his hand through his hair. “Er, they’re beautiful and they have wings sometimes? Fleur is a Veela, isn’t she?”

“Fleur is only part Veela, but it doesn’t matter. A Veela is a being by the Classification Act of 1811. They are close to human physiology, but not completely the same. They mate for life. Once they do, they’re impotent to anyone else,” she said and kicked Harry’s leg. “Don’t you fall asleep, Harry! This is important!”

“Sorry, Hermione, but you burst into my house like there’s a bloody fire going on,” he replied, feeling rather irritated. “And then you go on about some useless trivia about Veela. Will you get to the point?”

“Draco’s a Veela.”

Harry cleared his head with a little shake and considered her words. “Er, no.”

“He is,” Hermione replied. “Hetty Ballard of the Being Division called in sick today, so I was filling in for her when the Aurors called for the registration papers for the vampires you caught this morning. It was when I was searching for Jenz Malfurion’s papers my eye caught the name Malfoy. Draco’s a Veela, Harry, and so was his father.”

He frowned. “I’m sorry to be crude, but Draco can’t be a Veela. He was most definitely not impotent when I fucked him, and he sure as hell fucked around on me enough to impregnate Scorpius’s mother. Unless you’re trying to tell me the boy is not his son.”

“No, what I’m trying to tell you is Draco is Scorpius’s mother, for all intents and purposes!”

Rubbing the palms of his hands over his eyes, Harry tried to process what Hermione was saying. Draco was a man, most definitely. Men didn’t get pregnant. Though, hadn’t she said something about near human physiology? Could male Veela get pregnant? Was that what she was telling him? But did that mean Draco