be gone, and the softer, less offending light of the moon would illuminate the night. He was not, however, looking forward to entering the restaurant, because it was a Friday night in the summer, which meant a large amount of merry chatter. Hopefully one of his friends had made the dinner reservation and remembered to select a table outside where it wasn't quite so suffocating.

            You watched him apprehensively when the lock to your door didn't open. He made no move to get out of the car while he examined the parking lot closely to make sure that his friends' cars were indeed there, and it hadn't just been Mae and Sarah weaving silly little technology spells. After spotting all three cars, Corentin relaxed a little and unlocked his door.

 

            The car was a piece of shit for sure, you decided. No matter what you did, the door did not unlock. Heat rose to your cheeks in embarrassment as Corentin unlocked his door and exited with ease. So much for trying not to look like an idiot in front of him.

 

            Corentin smiled again as you became more frantic in your attempts at opening the door. He should have told you that it could only be unlocked with the key from the outside, even though it automatically locked when the car started, but he was enjoying the mounting fear and embarrassment that was beginning to roll off of you as you fidgeted with the lock while sitting in his car.

            You looked up at him when he stopped in front of the passenger door and inserted the key. The lock clicked and you nearly knocked him over in your haste to get out of the infernal muggle contraption.

            "Should have told you it doesn't unlock without a key or spell," Corentin stated lazily as he locked the car. Your cheeks were flushed in embarrassment, and the fear that he would think you were an idiot boggled his mind when it hit him again. Why did you care so much what he thought about you?

            "Oh," was all you could muster as you entered the restaurant. As predicted, the laughter from different tables hit him like a train as soon as the doors swung open.

            "Are you okay?" you asked, noticing the sudden change in expression on Corentin's face.

            "Just a migraine," Corentin lied fluidly. It was such a practiced lie he almost believed what he said, himself.

            With no reason to distrust the answer, you helped him to a seat. "Wait here while I find out where they're sitting." You made sure he was in the chair before rushing off to find the group.

            When you returned, Corentin didn't think he could stand by himself anymore because of the pain. Why had his friends insisted upon dinner when they knew what an ordeal it was for him? After a month of solitude, he was not used to crowds anymore, especially not at mealtime, when they tended to be at their most jovial.

 

            "They're sitting outside," you informed Corentin upon your return. You couldn't help but worry a little due to the intense look of pain on his face. "Are you sure you don't want to just go home?"

            Corentin gave a weak laugh. "I've made it this far already. I might as well stay for dinner, (Name)." He stood and almost lost his balance. You could tell he was about to topple over when those purple eyes crossed. Rushing forward, you put one of his arms over your shoulder, and he instantly acquiesced to your help, leaning heavily on you as the pair of you made your way outside.

            Color coming to your cheeks again, you noticed just how warm Corentin's body was as he leaned on you. From his pale complexion, you'd assumed he'd have been fairly cold, especially considering how unsteady he was on his feet at the moment.

 

            As soon as you were outside, Corentin felt much better, and took most of his weight off of you. "You didn't have to help me," he told the top of your head.

            "Don't be silly. You were going to collapse. Of course I had to help you."

            So there was a difference between you and the other girls; any one of them would have watched him fall to the floor writhing in agony, pointed, and laughed at him.

            "Corey, my man! Not lookin' so hot," Zak said, coming to support him from the other side. "And this must be the lovely (Name) I've heard so much about from my Miss Mae! Zak Shaw at your service señorita~!" He grinned widely at you.

            "Can we get him into a chair before we do introductions?" you asked, glancing worriedly up at Corentin.

            Personally, Corentin thought Zak's antics were generally amusing and didn't find his laughter too painful to endure, but he was extremely grateful for your request.

            "Sure, sure. Sorry about that dude, if we'd known how busy it was, we'd have picked a different spot."

            Corentin shook