she needed and made her way into the bedroom where Lavender was waiting.

"Are you ready, sweetheart?"

Lavender smiled up at the young woman she loved.

"I've been ready for five years."

Setting down her supplies on the bedside table, Parvati walked over and took Lavender into her arms.

"I've waited so long for this," she whispered, and kissed Lavender softly.

Curling her fingers around Lavender's, Parvati lead the other woman to the waiting bed. Parvati had taken the time earlier to drape the bedposts in red silk. Long ornate scarves with gold embroidery and tassels surrounded the bed, and the entire room was bathed in the glow from what seemed like a million tapered gold candles.

After gently laying Lavender down on the silk sheets, Parvati began to sing softly. There was no tune really, just a melodic chant, and the candles flickered just slightly as magic began to envelop the room.

As she sang, Parvati removed Lavender's clothes, pausing inbetween each piece of clothing to kiss lips, shoulders, stomach, thighs, carefully avoiding those places she knew would make Lavendar cry out. She would get there, but not yet, not until the song was complete.

Once Lavender was completely unclothed, Parvati stood and unwrapped the gauzy silk sari that covered her own naked body and loosened her long black hair from it's golden ties. Still chanting, she reached over to the bedside table for her quill and an ornately decorated porcelain bowl.

Lavender's eyes grew wide and Parvati knew her lover was wondering what the quill and bowl were for.

"Don't worry, love," Parvati whispered. "It's just Henna. I altered it a little so it's not gritty and I can apply it with my quill."

Lavender still looked a little confused so Parvati continued her explanation.

"Henna is used to stain the skin with intricate designs. It's considered lucky, and it's an Indian tradition for brides to use it to ornament themselves before marrying. Of course I changed the properties a little so it does a little more than just that."

Parvati smiled at her final words. Lavender was in for an amazing experience if what Parvati had spelled the Henna to do worked correctly.

Lavender visibly relaxed at Parvati's words, so Parvati dipped the quill lightly into the bowl and paused to let any excess Henna drip back down the sides. Starting at the left side of Lavender's long neck, Parvati began to draw. The quill dipped and danced in circles over Lavender's skin as Parvati worked her way down over the blonde woman's round breasts. Lavender let out an audible sigh as the quill circled her nipples, leaving a reddish-brown spiral in it's wake.

Continuing down across Lavender's flat stomach, Parvati twirled the quill and chanted, covering Lavender's body in ornate designs stopping momentarily, just short of the mound of soft blonde curls between Lavender's thighs.

Lavender's moans were becoming louder and more frequent. Parvati knew the spell was beginning to take affect. She sang as she worked, gently caressing the top of the quill over Lavender's thighs and knees, down to the curve of her ankles. The last few words of the chant were the most important, and Parvati's voice rose in octave as finished the last of the designs ending just before the pink toenails on Lavender's tiny feet.

Reaching for her wand, Parvati whispered the final spell, causing the Henna trail to glow in the candlelight. She knew that as the Henna burned painlessly into Lavender's skin, every nerve ending in the other woman's body would be on fire. Within moments, Lavender was arching her hips calling out Parvati's name in breathless gasps. Parvati could feel her own body responding to the spell and the sight as the identical pattern she had just painstakingly created on Lavender's body replicated itself on her own.

Gazing down into her lover's eyes, Parvati could see the heavy-lidded passion and knew she couldn't wait any longer. Kneeling over Lavender's thighs, Parvati quickly thrust two dark fingers into Lavender's hot entrance and began to move. The wet heat travelled straight to Parvati's own core and she heard herself cry out with the intensity of the spell.

Lavender's orgasm was almost immediate and watching her sent a stream of shivers straight down Parvati's spine. Parvati carefully lifted herself over to Lavender's side and caressed Lavender's hair as her lover came down from her orgasmic high.

"You look incredible," Parvati whispered, taking in the glorious sight in front of her. Lavender's body was bathed in golden light which reflected the intricate patterns on her pale skin.

Lavender smiled softly.

"That was amazing, love."

Parvati leaned in to kiss Lavender gently, but her own release was still imminent causing the kisses to become heated and urgent. She soon found herself pressing insistently against Lavender's thigh, the friction setting off thrills of pleasure through her dark skin, the spell giving every movement even more intensity