finally dozing off when the sound of the Floo startles me, and when I hear footsteps on the stairs I try to quickly, but carefully, extract my body from underneath my children. I don't want to rouse them, but I'm in no position to protect them like this.

It's only when I hear a soft 'Harry?' in Molly's warm voice, that I fall back and relax.

"In here," I softly call out, and only Jamie moves, his eyebrows knitting together in a frown, his little hands briefly clenching.

She appears in the doorway and raises a hand to her heart with a soft smile on her face.

"How's Draco?" I ask her, and my heart clenches as her smile falls slightly.

"I considered giving him a dreamless-sleep Potion, but ended up doing some meditation exercises with him instead. He's asleep for now."

"Good." I close my eyes and run a hand over Lily's soft hair. "Don't give him any Potions, the Healer said it could set him back."

Finally managing to shift my children away from me, I sit up and scoop Scorpius up in my arms.

"Here," Molly says, holding her arms out to take him. "I'll take him back to his bed, shall I?"

I nod and I bring Lily back to hers myself, hovering slightly longer than necessary and kissing the top of her head before I go. When I step back into the hallway, Molly is holding a drowsy James.

"Dad?" he asks.

"G'night, Jamie," I say and kiss his cheek before Molly brings him to his own room.

The decision to go to Dray's room is unconscious, but that's where Molly finds me when all three children are fast asleep and tucked in their own beds.

"He's remembering your marriage," she says and takes my hand as she sits down next to me on Dray's bed. "He's having a hard time trying to rhyme his husband with his father figure.

I guess my jaw looks like it's about to drop off my face by the way it's hanging so far beneath its regular pose. I'm gobsmacked. It wasn't the memory of an insane Dark Lord, or a sadistic father, that sent him into a full out panic attack. No, it was me, or rather his memory of me.

Isn't this what I've been trying to avoid the past few years by having him call me Harry? By forcing him to not see me as his father?

"It's understandable, honey. He'll come around when he's able to get everything into perspective. You've found each other against all odds, you'll manage to find each other again."

I burry my face in her shoulder when she wraps her arms around me. I can't help the tears escaping my eyes, though I try my very best. It hurts. It hurts so much. It's like the tight band that's been around my chest for the past few years is only getting tighter, making it harder and harder to breathe.

Because Draco is my air, I can't be without him. I can't lose him, not now, not after all we've been through trying to get him back.

It's the doubts that hurt the most. I can hear what Molly's saying, that he'll be back when his memories are fully returned, but I can't help but feel that nothing ever really went my way. I've always had to pay a high price for my happiness, and I've been waiting for the hammer to fall ever since Draco and I got married. With having James, Lils and Scorp, Draco's accident just hasn't been enough to tip the balance.

But that's my fear talking, the fear of ending up alone. I can't let that fear strike me down. Gryffindors are brave, they fight their fears and stand strong in the face of defeat. So I do the only thing I can think of and pull back from that comforting hug and dry my tears.

"Yes, we will. I'm not going to give up on us, not ever."

Molly pats my cheek and smiles encouragingly. "There's my Harry," she says, and pats my cheek some more. Her smile is forced though. She's worried about him. About us.

"Try and get some sleep, honey, you'll need it. I hope you realize what you are in for, giving Blaise and Ginny carte blanche on the party?"

I groan when I remember their wedding. Their grand, two-day-wedding. The one that had all the guests needing a honeymoon to recover from. With Blaise and his Italian traditions, and Ginny as the family's Benjamin, not wanting to be outdone by her elder siblings. They