. He considered it most seriously until he was down to his skin. "I do enjoy doing as you tell me. Sometimes."

"Then you should close your eyes, Draco." Severus stepped in closer, finally undressing. Finally, because Draco was always nervous if Severus stayed fully clothed. It might mean unpleasant things, although he supposed that unpleasant things could happen just as well with him naked.

Carefully, he curled himself onto the bed, casting a smile before he shifted pillows, settling himself comfortably before closing his eyes and leaning back to wait as patiently as he could manage.

It didn't take long. He heard the tray move, felt Severus settle at his side, seated beside Draco. "Sometimes, I tire of sitting across from you at the table at dinner."

"Well, now you are sitting across from me in bed. I expect this is a great deal more enjoyable. At least I think so." Yes, and then some.

He felt fingers, no, a thumb, linger across his cheek. "It is. Even if you're insisting on being a brat about it."

Turning his head to the side, he caught it, sucked it into his mouth. There was salt there, and sweet, and he had no idea what else.  Delicious, and he hummed, finally pulling away again. "You love me best when I am." There was no doubt in his mind about that.

He felt Severus shift in a little closer, even as he pulled his thumb away. "I can't agree with that, or you'll use it against me worse than you already do," Severus noted lightly. "Take a sip of this."

The cool rim of a glass pressed against his lower lip and he opened his mouth carefully. The warm slide of something crossed his tongue, apple and spice and something with a surprising little shock of a bite. It made him hum and want to open his eyes, but he managed somehow to keep them closed. He swallowed and then sighed. "Nice."

The glass was lifted back, and he could hear Severus taking a small sip of the same. "It's a tea, steeped in cider. I'm becoming rather fond of it."

Of course he was. Severus loved things with a taste to them, something that had a presence. Just thinking about it made him smile. "I'm rather fond of you." And feeling much more patient at the moment, besides.

The taste lingered at the sides of his mouth, the edges of his jaw, tart and tang and spice still filtering through his senses. "Ha ha, flattery won't get you any more or any less food."

He couldn't help laughing. "You still won't let me starve."

"Never." He felt faint movement on the bed, and then the announcement, "Appetizer first. Let me know when you need more to drink."

Opening his mouth, Draco waited patiently. He managed not to smile, which was quite difficult. "You know I have nothing against declaring when I want something."

"The least of your problems." He felt a touch to the edge of his mouth, another morsel of food against his lips. It felt round, smelled crisp, and the first taste was sweet coated in a fine film of salt. Apple, and he loved apples, the contrast of salt and fruit on his tongue making him shiver and hum. Good, unexpectedly so, and he chewed slowly, licking his lower lip when he was done.

Simple, stupidly simple after the tea and apple cider that was stupidly simple as well, but so tasty. Just a contrast of flavors, lingering against his tongue long after he'd swallowed. "What do you think of that?"

One more time, he ran his tongue over his lower lip, then reached up and rubbed a thumb along the edge of his mouth. "Delicious." Unsurprising, really. Severus, for all his stern and unbending appearance, was a master of sensual delights. It was the little things, really; things like salted apples and who knew what would come next.

The next sensation against his lip was also firm and round, but he could smell the tang of balsamic, and maybe it was tomatoes. He wasn't sure until he bit down, the burst of cherry tomato on his tongue accompanied by the faint pop of the skin bursting, and oh. Oh, that was very nice indeed, made him want to open his eyes to see what came next. He swallowed before he spoke. "My curiosity is becoming a bit.. overwhelming."

"I don't want you to get bored. You might not be able to guess the next one, though." And it wasn't immediately there. There was a lingering stroke of hand against his stomach, fingertips trailing lightly against skin.

"Should I be guessing?" He couldn't help shifting. The touch was simple, just like the things he had been fed, but it was perhaps all the more arousing because of it