looked a bit confused not sure how to answer the question "How many of those did someone else give to you?" Tonks rephrased the question. "All of them?" Tonks asked taking a guess. Harry nodded.

"How many happened at Hogwarts?"

"One or two" Harry replied quietly. "Please don't tell Sirius about them" Harry said as he started walking out of the room.

"Oh no you don't, I'll tell Sirius and Remus if you don't tell me how you got them" Tonks threatened, feeling a bit bad using that as leverage. Harry sighed and figured Tonks had already seen them so he explained his life at the Dursley's.

"Hey is everyone alright here?" Sirius asked

"Oh sorry I blew open this door and it knocked Harry back and there was a nail sticking out of the boards" Tonks explained leaving out what she found out about Harry, as he requested.

"Well Remus is going to leave now so..." Sirius said tailing off.

"Oh yeah we'll say goodbye but do you mind if I stay here, I feel a bit bad about Harry and I wanna make sure he’s gonna be fine"

"Sure why not we've got plenty of room" Sirius grinned.

⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭later that night⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭

"Tonks what’s wrong?" Sirius asked.

"I don't know what you mean."

"Ever since you've chased him you've gotten really defensive about him" Sirius said crossing his arms.

"Look he told me something and made me swear not to tell you, I only found out by accident, I'm sure he'll tell you later, but right now I think he just wants a happy life with you.”

Tonks had started coming over more often to see Harry. He found it nice because he had someone to talk to about his troubles since she already knew. Tonks was also the first person that knew about the beatings.

"Harry you have a crush on anyone" Tonks asked. Harry nodded.

"Who is it then" she asked.

“Its embarrassing" Harry said his cheeks turning red

"It’s ok you can trust me who is it" Tonks asked again. Harry shook his head. "Fine i'll find out eventually".

Christmas time was near again with everyone leaving to visit their family, and finally Harry did to. Harry had gone to the Weasley's house once and it was quite pleasant of course, but when he saw them celebrating it reminded him that he didn't really have his own family to spend Christmas with, well back then at least.

"Hey Ron I’m gonna go with Sirius for Christmas tell your mum I'll be there on Christmas eve" Harry told Ron as they walked back to their room.

"You better mate or I won't be here after break due to the lack of skin on me" Ron said knowing it to be mostly true.

"Hey, you guys are going to study over break right" a voice from behind them called.

Both Harry and Ron groaned when they heard the voice. "It's Christmas Hermione I don't want to" Ron groaned.

Hermione grinned "You don't think I'm that mean do you.... wait do you?" she asked worriedly.

Harry laughed "Well it's almost like you're another teacher that follows us around except more fun to hang with."

"Just as long as you guys don't think I'm mean" Hermione replied.

"Only sometimes" Harry said and Hermione smacked him on the shoulder. "Hermione why don't you stop by Ron's on Christmas eve i'll be there as well" Harry said.

"I might just have to I haven't spent a Christmas with you guys yet" Hermione replied, smiling after she thought about it.

"Well I'll try to be there at least" Harry decided to mention. 

"Well why is that?" Ron asked impatiently. He really didn’t want to blamed for Harry not showing up.

"Well I'm not exactly sure how to get there" Harry admitted. Seeing a look on Hermione's face he knew that she realized the same thing.

"Oh well I bet I can get my parents to pick you guys up, after what happened second year with the car I don't think I'll ever be let near it again" Ron said sadly, he had liked driving the car and everything, well apart from the part where he crashed into the tree and broke all the windows bent the wheels, and axles... that tree was surprisingly strong. Harry grimaced as he remembered that night also. Hermione looked a bit annoyed because she didn't really know exactly how it happened because she wasn't a bad student, well that's how she thought of it at least.

Hermione noticed a girl with pink hair walking towards them "Ah Harry" Tonks smiled.

"Oh hey Tonks" Harry replied.

"Harry who is this