I rasp, and I can actually hear the tiredness in my tone.

“Miss Granger.”

Fuck.

“Password.”

There’s a sigh.  “Miss Granger, you know very well that if I were here to kill you, I’d-“

“Password.”

“Miss Granger-“

“Say the goddamned password!” I shriek, and there’s silence in the aftermath, as echoes ring around the room.

This time, the sigh is one of resigned acceptance.  “It’s my fault they died.”

It bloody well is, you son of a bitch, I think, swallowing heavily, leaning back to open the door.

~~~~~


I pour boiling water into my cracked mug, trying not to wince as some of the liquid splatters (as it does, always, and I’d buy a new kettle or pour more slowly but there’s something real about the pain) on my skin.  “Tea?”  I ask, already reaching for another mug.

“It’s happening tomorrow,” he says grimly, in lieu of actually responding to my question, though he does lean forwards from the old, musty couch he’s seated on to take the mug I hand to him.

Not unexpected news; perhaps it’s what I’ve been counting down to, I suppose.  “Alright,” I shrug.

Maybe something in my tone – the apathy, the absolute lack of I care – surprises him, because he looks up sharply with what seems uncomfortably like disappointment in his eyes.

“Alright,” he echoes.

I blame the not-really-long long day for the fact that, barely ten minutes into the silence, I begin shifting uncomfortably in my seat (a wooden-backed, un-cushioned chair that is the only luxury, other than my bed, I’ll afford myself when it comes to rest.)

Surprisingly though, it’s he who breaks the silence first.  “How are you?”

A humourless laugh escapes me before I can stop it.  “I’m fine” (lie), “just fine.  The business is good, patients are tolerable-“

“I didn’t ask,” he cuts me off quietly, “how Melody Sawyers is.  How are you, Miss Granger?”

I sip my tea, though it’s already cooling.  “Don’t call me that,” I murmur.

A smile curves his lips (but doesn’t reach his eyes, it never reaches his eyes) and he shakes his head.  “Really, Miss Granger, it’s your name.”  I don’t respond, though the way he accentuates every syllable of my – that – name grates against my nerves like little else can, now.  “You can’t let that go so easily,” he continues, obviously undeterred by my silence.  “Just like you can’t let them go.”

It’s entirely possible that the sound of something shattering is the mug when I place it deliberately on the table.

I can deal with that later, I promise myself vaguely as I rise to my feet, striding towards him with my fists clenched.

“What, Professor,” he flinches at that, good, “you mean the way you let them go when you let them die?”

He doesn’t look at me, just sets his tea down on the table softly, licking his lips slightly.

(My eye doesn’t follow the movement of his tongue.  It doesn’t.)

“Perhaps,” he allows, shoulders moving slightly.  “Perhaps not.”

“Fuck.  You.  Professor.  Snape.”

His reply is smothered by the crush of my lips against his.

~~~~~

Somehow, we find ourselves where we always have, ever since everything fell to ruination and I ran, became Melody Sawyers with a dental degree I never started and a practice I never worked in, much less cofounded.

With his head between my legs; my fingers tangled in his hair, pulling and twisting; with the same words dripping from my lips in an incoherent snarl of language and grief and oh Merlin the pain.

“It’s your fault they died,” I hiss.  There’s a muffled sound of what is probably agreement, but it’s not enough; and so I wrench his head back with one hand, the other grasping at his chin and forcing his dark, unfathomable eyes to meet mine.

“Say it.”  The words are barely audible, a breath, and yet he hears.

(Or at least, he knows.  He always knows.)

“It’s my fault they died.”

Staring into that gaze, black and striking and real, that’s the first time I realise he believes it, really believes it.

Slowly, my fingers untangle from the back of his head as I release his chin (though the warmth of his skin lingers against mine.)  Still meeting my eyes, he bends his head back down, almost tentatively.

I nod, blinking back what must be dust in my eyes, before giving up and shutting them completely under the force of bittersweet pain-pleasure that wracks my body.

“Harry,