swift Finite, looking around at the few scattered implements he still had to put away in his trunk. "Yeah, Draco?" he called back as he strode over to the door and pulled     it open. The Malfoy heir stepped in after a moment and looked around   the   rather small guest bedroom, as if seeking something. "I  see you haven't gotten the train ticket anywhere in sight- which is   good to   see you've remembered- only you haven't gone and misplaced it,   have   you?" he asked rather haltingly all at once. Harry  recognized it as faint anxiety, and it was good to know that he     wasn't the only one. "No, I packed it away with most of my books a   month   ago." He answered. Draco nodded.

"Alright,  then. Breakfast is ready and mother said to  have   everything packed  up beforehand, so we can head out at ten  o'clock   sharp." His gaze  lingered on the items sticking out like sore  thumbs. Harry nodded in turn.

"Thanks, Draco. I'll be down in a minute." He    responded and turned  to rush over to his trunk. Draco sighed at the loss    of proper stance  and the haste of his sort-of-cousin- the books were    rather vague and  the Wizengamot hadn't clarified in easily digestible    terms. At best, it was Draco's own mother that was Harry's nearest-cousin,   just   as it was Harry's godfather that was his own nearest-cousin. What  they were might not even technically count by law given the distance between their respective branches. Whatever the case was, however, they were still relatives, and Draco     respected that and the effort Harry was making to adapt to their way of     life. He waited until the last book and the clock were set  nearly-neatly into    the trunk at the foot of the bed and then shut  before he stepped up  to   help drag the lumbering weight down the  stairs with him. Harry smiled gratefully.

 

 

 

Apparition was among the worst sensations Harry thought he would ever    encounter. He gasped and nearly collapsed to the ground when they    arrived on the platform, shrunken trunk in pocket.

Draco helped to steady him even though his own eyes were wide and  nearly   stunned from the feeling. It was unlike the effect Dobby had  used,   though still near enough for him to have gotten used to. It  seemed Harry   had no such stomach or fortitude for that method of  travel.

Lucius and Narcissa helped prod them along and through the stone  barrier  onto Platform 9 3/4ers a few moments later, where several other  earlier  arrivals were standing around chatting.

"Now, Mister Potter, I believe that there is but one further thing in   which you must acquire." Lucius stated calmly, calling out for the   semi-useless house-elf a few moments later.

Dobby appeared instantly,   bowing and kissing the hem of his masters robes, nearly to the disgust   of said wizard if the sneer on his face was much to go by.

"Take this sack of gold and select two of the finest Owls in Diagon   Alley for purchase. I expect it to take no more than fifteen minutes-   and ensure you acquire the other items required for proper care and   ownership. Go!" He ordered after drawing out the same small red velvet   sack of Galleons and Sickles that Draco had used at Madam Malkins a   month  prior.

Hesitantly Dobby reached up to accept the gold and silver before  sparing  the two boys a quick glance and vanishing far more quietly now  than  before. Harry watched the creature go with a feeling of pity.

"Seeing as we are very nearly upon the train and toward Hogwarts  itself,  I trust that you two may entertain yourselves enough to pass  the  remaining time easily. Before much longer the rest of them will  arrive,  and I unfortunately have a job to perform- your mother shall  convey all  the sympathy and such necessary for the both of us. Good  luck, Draco,  Mister Potter." Lucius told them simply and rested a hand  on either of  their shoulders for a moment, lingering more upon his own  childs before  disapparating just as quietly as Dobby had managed.

Harry felt heat rushing into his face at the touch and partial-kindness   of the act, and he smiled without realizing it. "Well, come on then,   Potter, lets find somewhere to duel and make sure we can show the other   brats a thing or two," he said confidently, completely at ease now and   not nervous in the slightest about performing even more  technically-illegal magic at that point.

Harry nodded a little bemusedly and trotted after him as Narcissa   conjured a seat all to herself and drew an envelope from her pockets to   peruse again.

A short time later and things began to pick up quickly.

Dobby delivered a  magnificent black eagle-owl whose name was to be  decided by Draco,  along with its gilded golden cage and the finest owl  treats available,  while a slightly less majestic tawny and black dotted  owl looking rather  like a transfigured leopard sat within a paler  white cage for Harry  himself.

"M-masters owls, Ma'am," the house elf told Narcissa quietly and set  the  cages down. She barely looked up