known her like this earlier. Before.

Before I let my father and friends poison my mind. Before I became the perfect Pure-blooded Slytherin I was groomed to be. Before I took the dreaded tattoo that would be forever etched on my skin, marking me for the Death Eater I was.

She came in like a storm of Magical proportions, but she'd come too late.

Or maybe she came too soon. Before I could shield my heart from the pain and guilt that tears through me as her fingers continue to caress my cheek, neck and shoulder. Before I could built up my resistance and ready myself to live the way I had since the Final Battle.

But no, she had to come and change me. To make me irrecognizable to even myself. Or maybe she just pulled to the surface what was there, underneath, the entire time.

I shake when she finally leans in and presses her lips against mine. As cold as her fingers, and as damp.

I pull her against me and close the door.

She mesmerizes me with the emotions that show on her face. I've always been able to close myself off, to keep my feelings locked up and shielded by haughty, indifferent, expressions.

Not her. She couldn't keep what she was feeling from me if her life depended on it. And how I wish she tried. How I wish she tried not to love me, for it made me want to be a woman worthy of her love. She's like the sun, showing me there will be a dawn, showing me there is something left to live for, but at the same time her light shines brightest upon the vilest parts of my soul.

Her bravery emphasizes my cowardice, the softness of her heart clashes with my rough edges, and more importantly, she was on the right side of the War, and I wasn't.

When we're together like this, I'm unable to hide. I'm thankful she closes her eyes, as it's my only reprieve, the only thing keeping her from seeing who I really am.

Her black dress is simple but stylish and falls off her slender hips like a waterfall. She lifts her delicate feet one by one to step out of it, and is left standing in front of me in her panties, stockings and heels. I love the contrast of black fabric against her pale freckled skin, and I can't think of a single reason to keep myself from running my hands down her sides and thighs.

When I trail tiny kisses over the line of her jaw down her neck she sighs and whimpers, and when I take a step back towards the bed, her whimpers turn into an almost broken sound.

It takes me but a second to pull my own dress over my head and release the clasp that holds my hair together. I reach out and tangle my fingers through hers, softly tugging her along until the back of my knees hit the edge of the bed, and then we're falling.

Falling through air, through the softness of rich cotton and a goose feather duvet. Falling while time stands still between the four walls of this room.

Because tomorrow everything will be different.

Tomorrow it all has to end.

Her pants are heavy and pleading, her skin heated and her heart is beating the same wild rhythm as mine while we move. Like a dance of desperation. One that only ends when we tire, or morning comes.

It's all fingers and tongue and softly spoken words, but most of all it's emotion I'm not ready to voice. Not now, and maybe not ever.

It isn't until 3 am, when we're both sated and content, and those strong stubborn brown eyes are slowly losing the fight against sleep across my pillow, that I feel panic rise up in my bones. I don't know how I'll be able to do this.

Still, I tell myself 'a year'. Draco only got one year, and I never even did anything.

I never lead a group of Death Eaters into Hogwarts, or used any Unforgivables. I didn't kill, torture or maim anyone. If I'm being honest, my biggest crime was 'being scared'.

But I'm still scared. I'm scared out of my mind. I'm not the sort of person that just survives prison unscathed. Even if the Dementors were banned from Azkaban, it is a dreadful place, and certainly not a place for me. Was it? Wasn't that why I ran in the first place?

I should've kept running, should've stopped myself from sending that Owl, but I hadn't been able to. There was just something about the redheaded woman that confronted me in the middle of the Great Hall. The one that had stepped in front of Potter when I'd been so irrationally frightened by the threat of death, that I'd have offered him up for slaughter myself.

When I'd heard she'd lost one of her