clearly had some straps in fascinating places. It didn't look like anything that would get him fucked, but then again, magic could be strange. "All right, so...."

"So, sit in it. It should be comfortable," Severus smiled, giving a waving twitch of his wand.

It made him extraordinarily distrustful. "I find myself slightly suspicious...." If slightly actually meant a great deal.

"I find you're going to enjoy this when you sit down." Severus gestured at him, gave him another zap of sensation right at his elbow. Draco squeaked and jumped, shooting him a sullen glare and then settling onto the stool... carefully.

Very carefully.

There was nothing at first. Nothing except a chair that quickly snapped locks over his legs, his arms. "I don't even have to touch you. It's gorgeous."

Draco's breath caught, and he automatically started pulling at his arms and legs to see if he could get loose. "Severus!" He was pretty sure that was a protest, but then again... It was sort of hot.

"Oh, this is out of my hands. Except for a slight modification or two, of course -- it was originally designed for a woman." Severus pulled a chair up, and sat down in it, leaning forward slightly.

"A woman?" He squeaked and looked down when his knees pulled apart, one to either side, and he squirmed fitfully. "Severus, women bloody...!" Lubricated naturally and also, the hole wasn't in the same place, and he was actually worried about this, even if it was hot.

He squirmed, and couldn't move, couldn't lift his hips. It was like a full body immobilizing spell, except he could still move. There was just no getting anywhere with it. "Yes, yes, I took care of that. See?"

See, because there was something slick probing at his ass, teasing at him, and Draco gasped, mouth opening wide. "Oh!" Oh, shit. Shit, because that was accompanied by the feel of hands stroking up over his immobilized knees and up his thighs, one curling around his cock as the other stroked up his side.

Severus hadn't had to cast a single spell, hadn't lifted a finger to inflict that sensation on Draco. He was watching, though, while invisible hands stroked the length of Draco's arms, idled over his fingertips in a gentle caress that slowly made its way back down to his hips. He couldn't help biting his lower lp and then letting go, licking them and drawing in a deep breath. Oh, stars. Merlin, that was so nice, so good to feel, and he rocked slowly before realizing that the movement made the teasing between his cheeks... shift.

Shift away, and then back, teasing at him while he tried to move again, while he tried to get more of the sensation. There was a touch, like a lick against his ass, and he looked at Severus, shuddering, mouth open. He didn't know what to say or what to do, and he needed some kind of cue. The hands were still touching him, sliding up his back now, finding spots that he didn't even know he had.

Severus smirked and arched an eyebrow at him. "Oh, don't look at me. It's responding to what you need."

"What I...?" Oh. Oh fuck. Oh fuck, because the fingers were sliding further down his back, teasing him, opening him up, and whatever it was that rose from below seemed to have its mind clearly set upon getting inside of him. Draco moaned fitfully, pulling at the restraints and trying to get a hand free, because it was big. It was so big, and he didn't think he could take it, couldn't help making soft, pleading sounds and squeezing his eyes tightly shut. "Please, Severus!"

"You're gorgeous like that. Beautiful." Severus scooted his chair further, clearly to get a better look. He exhaled shakily. "I wish you could see it. It should fit."

Oh god. Oh, god, it should? He jerked, and it surged upwards, into him, splaying him wide, legs almost paralyzed with the sensation. It seemed to take all of the breath out of him, and then he managed to gasp sharply and yell. Sweet Dallben, the burn and stretch was intense, so sharp that it brought heat to his face and tears to his eyes and he struggled momentarily, trying to get free. Perhaps he begged, even, but Severus only watched him take it, watched him getting fucked. The hands were back, stroking his flagging erection, pinching his nipples, and Draco sobbed, rocking hard as if that could help. It did, a little, because there was something like withdrawal, but then he was filled again, hard and impossibly thick, and he cried out, dropping his head back.

Then it started to