the swish of his third and incomplete spell carried no meaning behind it.

I rolled away from the rush of wind and flame, protected in part by my cloak, letting it pitch my body forward as he banished the desk across the tiled floor. One hand gripped the surface as I flew over and allowed me the strength to grow stable in the chaotic flight and land on my knees roughly, painfully, but not in defeat.

He turned in an instant to finish what his work had started; but too late, that single instant too late, for I had never ceased my motions even through the destruction of each knee.

The rage burning behind his eyes flared higher as my Chaser-honed reflexes tore the wand from his minutely-weaker hands, and in that moment a low pang of regret registered behind my satisfaction of taking up his Hallow.

My weaker wand appeared in the opposite hand as I banished his body backwards into another portrait of long-dead headmasters, finally taking in their shouts and panic as further flame licked up along their walls.

A basic healing charm undid the damage to my legs in a flare of light and a rush of giddiness as Dumbledore pushed up onto one arm, the shame of both his actions and his defeat openly displayed.

"Thank you for the knowledge... and the gift, headmaster." I told him softly, freezing the fires in place before any more damage could be sown, rationale returning but unaffected by my victory.

With two in my command the power only coursed that much stronger, like a kindling-flame grown wild before a sudden supplement of consumption.

"James... wait..." he murmured weakly, too slowly.

I vanished his desk and descended the stone stairway before he could even finish my name. I knew there was only one last to be obtained and then the prophecy would no longer matter, that it could not matter were I lord of them each and all.

Lily could feel the changes in me the moment I walked inside our home, the undisguised look of confusionon her face, but it hardly mattered.

I loved her still, of course, that much had not yet been altered; but I knew after listening to Dumbledore's brief history lesson just what would become of that love in due time, just as it had become of his favor toward Grindelwald, of his own brother and sister.

And a part of me I had not known existed, had perhaps not even been before tonight, whispered it's loathing of her softly in my heart. "James? What happened? What did Albus say to you?" She asked in concern.

To lie, or not to lie.

I could not let her take in the Hallows as I had, sharing them as I once did my cloak so foolishly in blind youth. And then I heard his cries and that whisper grew silent for a time, as Lily turned with a moment's hesitation to look in on our son.

"I'll tell you later." Her eyes grew more concerned before exiting the room and I knew then, taking in Harry's whimpers and whines as the sound both soothed the urges and bore a hole within my heart, that he would be the one capable of washing away their stain one moment at a time.

It made the anguish that formed later as he slept quietly all the more powerful.

With only two in my possession I could not stop the prophecy from coming true, I could not keep either of them safe... yet just how much safer would they be beneath Albus' Fidelius charm without the third Hallow clasped in hand? How long would it take before their blood drenched my hands then?

A high pitched voice cast out the first curse quietly, calmly, and the door exploded inward as only so much ash and splinters. His followers crept at an equally quiet pace forward with the occasional note of mirth escaping from behind stark-white masks.

Upstairs Lily paced in silent madness, protected by several wards I had forced Sirius and Remus into casting a week prior, just before my resolve at last folded from the search.

It was as much to keep her away from Voldemort as it was away from me, though more than once I had tested the measures. Only Harry's voice kept them both alive and safe for another night, another hour, until tonight.

Voldemort himself looked for a moment to stall. His features seemed, perhaps, confused at the sight that greeted the glimmering-red eyes. I supposed my own descent must have looked equally familiar if disturbed, hazel eyes long since darkened to black.

The cloak rested over my shoulders and trailed the ground with a wary note of amusement in the way it never stayed still, wavering as if in a wind no one else could feel or hear.

The wand tapped against my left thigh to a beat of its own choosing, reverberating faint echoes of magic in the wake of each.

And the last, the final of the Hallows, the stone-bound-in-ring glinted on my left finger with an inner-chaotic gleam.

The Death Eaters at his back looked in around their master's shoulders and took note of me