, safe little fantasy!

"Drove. It's a rental but... What do you do?" He set the glass down, and stood up with Draco. "It's a sports car, though. Even if I can't really open it up on the streets around here."

"Perfect." It was remarkable, the way Severus was going all out. Just thinking about it made Draco feel warm somewhere in his chest. He wiped a hand over spotless black pants and headed for the door just ahead of... Well.

His 'stranger'.

Once they were on the street, the man led the way towards a very well kept looking red Muggle car, the sort they always seemed so proud of. It was stereotypical enough of Muggles to make Draco smirk as the man held the passenger side door open for him. He slid inside and breathed in deeply, the familiar scent of leather and distinctly unfamiliar smells of plastic and cleaning solutions mingling pleasantly. "Oh, lovely," he purred to himself as his 'stranger' walked around the bonnet before climbing behind the wheel. "Take a left. It's six blocks down, a new street."

"Every time I come to this city, there's five or ten new streets." He was following directions well, though. Driving Muggle vehicles seemed so very over complicated to Draco, and Severus had blended in with them seamlessly. He had never understood how he managed it, but it was entertaining, at the very least, and extraordinarily helpful as well.

"Oh, I can hardly find anything. All of the streets seemed to be named some form of fruit, from what I can tell." Draco watched as the car slid through the dark, streetlights providing the occasional bright splotch along the way. "Here, turn at the next street."

"Got it. Yeah, I've noticed that. I've gotten lost about ten times just getting here from the airport." Airports, god. Draco didn't even want to consider that absurdity, because cars were already absurd enough. Muggles certainly made do with their circumstances, but airplanes were too much.

He glossed over any reply to that and said, "Second house, on the left." The light was on outside as well as a few lights inside. If he hadn't known better, he'd have thought he saw Severus's silhouette against the dining room drapes.

That was just absurd, his eyes playing tricks on him while the man pulled smoothly into the driveway and turned the car off. "Nice place."

"Very. The neighbors are..." Completely psychotic, in some cases, Draco was certain. He suspected that Mr. Angeles was a serial killer in hiding. "...incredibly charming."

"Somehow I don't think that's what you wanted to say," the man laughed, grinning sideways at him while they started up the walk to the stairs at the front door.

"Somehow, I think you are correct," Draco agreed. He tugged a keychain from his pocket and paused to unlock the door. It was a strange sort of custom, much less charming than one's door knowing one and opening automatically. "So." He turned. "I'm sure you'd love to see my...." Wait. They were pretending to be Muggles. Offering his potions lab wasn't the thing. "...well. Whatever you'd like to see, actually, I'm sure we can find it."

"Etchings?" The man's eyebrows  waggled at him. "If you want to, sure, but I'd rather just..." He moved in close to kiss Draco, backing him up against the foyer wall. That was nice, more forceful than Severus normally was, and he moaned into the kiss, shivering with the pleasure of it.

Delicious.

Forceful and different, appealing in its own way.  He held him there, kissed him hard, and leaned in to grind his crotch against Draco's. God, that was good, and he groaned, slipping his arms around those broad shoulders and using Seeker's balance to draw himself up harder against him. He might not spend time on a broom that much anymore, but some skills were thankfully natural.

Extremely useful when things got so very different from what he was used to getting with Severus. He liked it, though, this new roughness, hands cupping his ass tightly and hitching him in closer. "Fuck, yes."

Giving a breathless grin, he cocked his head to the side. "Shall we find a bed or is here in the hall good enough?"

"A bed's good, but I can do a lot with a little," the man enthused, taking a step down the hall, just one, with Draco half wrapped around him. Merlin, that was awesome, too.

Reaching between them, Draco managed to get a hand wriggled between that flat belly and the waistband of his pants, earning himself a delicious sound. "Clearly you have more than a little to work with," he offered breathlessly.

"Hah, there