, if that was what Severus expected. Being bound changed things, was entirely different from the times that he was told to hold his arms and legs where they were placed, to keep his mouth quiet, which took so much thought.

"All yours." He couldn't help murmuring it because he was. It was true. Had been true, and would continue to be true for as long as he breathed.

Maybe even after he stopped.

"I didn't ask you to reaffirm it," Severus noted lightly. He slid his fingers down Draco's wrist, clutching loosely. It was all teasing and suggestion, tight grips following after a moment, past his elbows.

The touch of those stained fingers never failed to excite him, to make him want things that once upon a time he hadn't had the right to want. Hadn't known how to ask for it, but now it was his, all his, and that was something, too.

And he asked -- god what he needed, not what he wanted. Fingers curled under his chin, lingering and slow after Severus's hand finished traveling down his arm, a counterpoint to the fingertips scratching a line just below his navel. It all made him feel desperately indulged and sensitive, ripe to the possibilities unfolding beneath the faintly blue light of the moon. The stone was warm beneath him, the air cool above him, and everywhere that Severus touched him was a path of pure shivering sensation.

There was no expectation that he lie there and do anything but take it, feel what was happening to him. It felt good, leisurely, idle scratching that made its way down slowly to the base of his cock.

Stars.

Stars and moon and Severus, warm, dexterous fingers, and it was unsurprising when he felt the press of lips against the flat of his belly, the skin over his hip. It made him feel languorous, and slightly unreal, perhaps, and he had no words for it. Not even a sound, although he expected that wouldn't last.

Just, no sounds yet. He closed his eyes briefly, concentrated on just feeling it. The light scrape of fingernails up the inside of his thigh. "Incendio."

The sound of the spell startled him, made Draco's breath stutter in his chest as his eyes flicked to the candle to the side of the altar. It was squat and wide, and one of Severus's fingers traced along the edge, making it fascinating. The flame flickered briefly in a faint breeze before burning steady and bright, tainting the moonlight with its yellow glow. "Oh."

"Quite. Do you like the look of it?" He smirked a little, and it made Draco wonder what was coming next for him. It didn't matter; he would give in to whatever it was, would be willing. Would do his best to respond, and that was all Severus expected.

"Yes." Yes, and he nodded, lashes dropping so that he could see the spark of light through the dark blond fringe of them.

"Good." He swiped fingers through it, and then smudged the warm wax against Draco's hip. "How does that feel?"

Nice. Warm and slick and Draco shifted, entire body moving and arching into that touch just so. He licked his lips and nodded, slow and serious. "Perfect." Not enough but... perfect.

"Good." Severus reached for the wide candle, wrapped his fingers around it, and brought it over Draco's body. There was a hint of menace, and Draco could guess that what came next was hot wax, wherever Severus wanted it. The where didn't matter, not really. There was a reason Draco was the one draped over the altar stone, after all, and it wasn't because he wanted to make those calls. Not really, and so he took a slow, deep breath, licked his lips and closed his eyes.

Waited, and waited, and waited, but he still wasn't ready for the hot drizzle of wax, a thin stream, pouring over the tip of his hard cock.

Fuuuck. Fuck, and he couldn't keep himself from whimpering, biting his tongue and moving, a twisting-pushing-moving-away kind of motion that couldn't be helped. "Nn!"

Nowhere to go from it, nowhere to escape from it, just hot wax all over him, a slow steady pour that splashed onto his hips and his balls, that invaded soft sensitive skin. "Still good?"

Yes. Yes and no, because he felt too much and not enough, and the garbled sentence that he managed to mumble out was most likely completely incoherent. It wasn't as though he had to be aware of anything beyond what Severs was doing to him, and that was just fine with Draco.

"Pinned down, just for me," Severus murmured, and Draco heard more words, heard them slip in and out as he felt more hot wax hit his skin, encasing his dick.

Just for him, only