, took in his flabbergasted friend, and, with a strangled cry, he had turned around, presenting Sirius the back view of his pale and lean body.

There was a small thud when Remus let his forehead drop against the tiled wall.

''Sirius... I'm... what... can't you knock?''

Sirius was still too stunned to answer, all he could do was stare at Remus' firm globes, and the stream of water that ran down his spine and along his arse crack.

''I... I thought you were... injured...''

Remus turned his head, glaring over his shoulder at him.

''Well, as you can see, I'm not!'' he pressed out exasperatedly.

''But...'' Sirius swallowed, ''but you called my name!'' he complained, feeling strangely hurt when he should be glad that his friend was all right.

Remus eyes widened and he couldn't hide his face fast enough for Sirius to miss the deep blush on his cheeks.

''Why... ehm... oh...'' Sirius could feel his own cheeks heating up.

Remus whole body seemed to slump, his face hidden against the tiles.

''Padfoot... I'm... oh god... I'm so sorry... I...''

Whatever else, Sirius could never see his friend in pain. It was unacceptable. His hand reached out on its own accord, tentatively touching the glistening plane of Remus' back. Remus shuddered. A trembling sigh escaped from his throat.

''Siri... please... I...''

His whole body started to tremble when Sirius hand stroked down over his wet skin, still heated from the shower. So warm. There was an angry red mark just above his hip bone and Sirius hesitantly traced it with his finger tips.

Remus whimpered. ''Please... no... I can't...''

''Shhh...'' Sirius fingers trailed up Remus' spine, gently messaging his shoulder, the nape of his neck... He noticed the little ringlets Remus' wet hair was forming there, and he had the strange urge to press a kiss on that pale patch of skin just below. ''It's okay... Moony... it's okay...''

His hand glided up over Remus' neck, tentatively touching the wet ginger hair. Remus let out a sob.

''No, Moony...'' Sirius reached out to wrap his hand around Remus' far shoulder, pulling him against him, needing his friend to know that nothing, nothing ever could come between them. That he would always be loved, always be accepted.

Remus let his body fall limply against Sirius, pressing his face into his shoulder, mumbling, ''sorry, 'm sorry... I shouldn't... I... sorry...''

But Sirius wouldn't have Remus start with the apologies again. Grabbing his friend's head with both hands he forced Remus to look at him. The honey coloured eyes were wide and worried. Sirius let his thumb stroke along Remus' cheek bone. ''None of that, Moony.'' And then he leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to that cheekbone. Remus inhaled sharply.

''There's nothing to apologize for, Remus,'' Sirius said, pressing a kiss further down on Remus' cheek, close to the corner of his mouth. Remus' lips trembled. It was a split second decision, and if asked, Sirius could not have given a reason why, apart from that they had looked so inviting and soft and pink, he couldn't help but press his own lips to them, inhaling Remus' earthy scent.

Remus moaned against his mouth, and there were arms wrapping around his back, and Sirius went with the flow and wrapped his own arms around Remus' trembling body, letting his hands glide over all that naked skin of his friend's back and his sides and his arse. He had no clue what he was doing but it felt good and right and Sirius wasn't someone to question a good thing.

''Love you...'' Remus mumbled huskily, ''Love you so much...''

And Sirius knew he did, there was no questioning of their feelings, he just never had thought it would be like this, but then he had been known to be clueless on occasion. Pressing Remus' body back against the tiles of the shower, he explored his friend's mouth, tasting Remus, so new and so familiar, not so different from a woman's mouth, and yet completely different because it was Remus.

His friend's hands were tugging urgently at his shirt, and he lifted up his arms to let his friend drag the offending garment off, and then Remus' skin was pressing against his own. It was a whole new feeling, closer, more intimate than ever before, a bit scary too, but so damn hot. He had never known that Remus was so hot.

He kissed him again, hungrily, and Remus responded with equal fierceness, his fingers digging into Sirius' back, one hand gliding down to cup his arse, pressing him closer against his raging erection. It was only then that Sirius became aware that he was hard himself. He didn't question it