finally jerked awake and pulled away. Heero didn't say anything else about it. He picked up his books and went back to his room, though he did come out when Duo got around to making dinner.

Several weeks later, Duo was at yet another gallery showing, and he stopped in front of a relatively small, unobtrusive canvas. It was a painting of a young man coming up out of water – what kind of water, Duo didn't know. The man was gasping for breath, but it almost looked like – no. No way. He wouldn't.

Duo glanced down at the price tag to see that Heero had had the audacity to price the damn thing at 500,000 dollars, and it had already been sold. Heero came up to him, looking way too damn pleased with himself.

“Heero.”

“Mm? You don't like my painting?”

“You painted your o-face and sold it for half a million dollars.” Duo hissed.

“I don't know what you're talking about.” Heero said, but he was smiling.

xxx

 

Duo didn't mean to eavesdrop on Heero's private conversation with Quatre. He came home just like he did every day, he wasn't even trying to be quiet. Only, when he came in, Heero was standing on the porch with the glass door open and Duo could hear every word.

“What am I supposed to say Quatre? 'Oh, hey Duo, I'm desperately in love with you, only, I'm not sure I really understand what love is. Please date me. Oh, and I hope you don't like sex all that much because I don't really want to ever have it.”

Heero was facing away from him – he clearly hadn't heard Duo come in, which meant he must have been very worked up.

“No it's not the same as you and Trowa. You two have been together for practically forever. Yes I noticed. I'm trained to notice, even if no one ever bothered to teach me how to have a relationship myself. Besides Trowa practically breathes sex and I -”

He was pacing now. He still hadn't noticed Duo was there and at this point Duo wasn't really sure what he should do. If he moved Heero would probably see him, but if he didn't move, he'd just keep overhearing what was most definitely supposed to be a private conversation.

“What am I going to do? Hire a hooker? I'm not going to try having sex with some random -”

Loud, rapid swearing in enough different languages that Duo couldn't follow interrupted the conversation.

“Never offer me Trowa like that ever again. I don't care if it was his idea, it was a terrible idea. Aren't you supposed to be good at reading emotions?”

Heero turned then, and saw him. His whole body went rigid, his face closed off. Shit.

“Look, I have to go. I'll see you – later. Some time. Yeah. Okay. Bye.”

“Heeeeeey Heero. Look, I um.”

“Save it. I'm going to Wufei's for a week.”

“What?”

Heero's eyes were cold. “I don't want to talk about what you just heard. I've been planning on going to visit Wufei for a while. Alone. Just.” Heero closed his eyes and grit his teeth, grinding the heel of his hand against his forehead. “Just. Maybe we'll talk about it later.”

And then he stalked off to his room, presumably to pack. Which meant that they wouldn't talk about it until at least Heero got back, which meant they probably wouldn't talk about it at all. Great. That could have gone better.

He didn't hear from Heero for the entire week. After about four days, he tried calling Wufei, but all the other man would say was, “If he doesn't want to talk to you, I'm not going to be a messenger pigeon. He's fine, he'll be home at the end of the week.”

So that was awesome.

Heero returned exactly when Wufei said he would, with an entirely new wardrobe, and a more angry than usual scowl on his face. Apparently he hadn't enjoyed his trip. He looked – haggard, like he hadn't slept at all the entire time he was gone, which Duo supposed was possible. He would have thought Heero would be comfortable sleeping at Wufei's, since they had fought together, but apparently not. Maybe Wufei's security system wasn't up to Heero's exacting standards.

Heero didn't speak until he'd put his things away in his room, come back out and made a cup of coffee, and then sat down with it at the table, nursing it slowly. When he did speak, he made no fucking sense at all