'd knock you up.”

“That almost never happens the first time.”

“Uh huh. That's what Christie Miller said, and she's huge now; baby's due in July. You're just lucky you didn't have a knot for her, or that kid'd be yours.”

“Steeeeeve. Please. Don't I smell good? I'm dying here, you gotta help me. You gotta tongue, don't you?”

Steve came, just like that. Just the thought of sticking his tongue into Bucky and licking out all his slick – Jesus Christ. “Jesus, Bucky, you can't say things like that.”


   “You just came, didn't you! I wanna come Steve. I'm so fucking hard. C'mon, it's even legal! Everyone's gonna think I fucked you all week long. Just. Just. 
  Dammit, Steve.”



   “Okay. 
  Okay.” The come in his trousers is cooling rapidly, and is kind of uncomfortable, but Steve's horny enough that he doesn't really care, because Bucky smells so damn good. It's not the first time he's wanted to fuck Bucky, just the first time the other man has wanted it back. And that in itself is such a startling revelation that Steve can barely keep his hands to himself.


“If yer ma comes back and catches us -”


   “She won't. And if she does well. I'm havin' my first 
  heat Steve. It'll be okay.”



   Steve doesn't quite know what to think about the fact that everyone seems to be not only on board with him fucking Bucky, but that it's also inevitable, as if Steve can't control himself. He could, if Bucky wanted him to. But Bucky 
  doesn't want him to so – He doesn't know what he should do here. If he does get Bucky pregnant, Steve's ma will be so disappointed in him. But if he doesn't, and it's just Steve helping Bucky through a heat well. Maybe that's okay. Bucky certainly seemed to think so, anyways. And Steve might never get another chance.


“Yeah. Yeah okay.”

Bucky smiles, and it's the most beautiful thing Steve's ever seen, even with his cheeks flushed and red and covered in sweat. “You're the best Steve.”

“Well...” Steve blushes. “It ain't like I'm getting nothin' out of it.”


   Bucky doesn't seem to want to talk any more, because he's pushing down his trousers and making frantic motions in Steve's direction. Steve helps him pull everything down all the way, and moans at the sight of Bucky all slicked up. He smells like himself and sweet slick and also overwhelmingly of Steve. He's hard again all at once. He didn't even 
  know he could get hard again like that but apparently Bucky smelling like he's Steve's is enough to do him in.



   He stops worrying about being polite and goes right between Bucky's legs, his tongue coming out to taste him. It's good – it's 
  really good, and Bucky writhes above him, making the most amazing sounds. He doesn't quite lose himself to his hormones after that, but he doesn't really seem to care any more if Bucky's mom comes home or what they're gonna do after Bucky's heat is over or what the hell all this means, if it means anything. There's just the taste of Bucky on his tongue, and his hand on Bucky's flushed and swollen dick, and the overwhelming need to make Bucky feel good.


By the time Bucky comes around Steve's tongue and his own stomach, Steve's come twice more. If he had a proper knot, he would have held it all in and then come all at once when his knot finally popped, but his knot doesn't work right, even with all the pheromones coming out of Bucky, so he kept coming every twenty minutes or so, instead. He'd always wondered about how coming for over five minutes felt, but it wasn't like he wasn't enjoying himself. If this was how sex was all the time, no wonder everyone wanted it.

They lay on the bed together after that, Steve still desperately aroused and Bucky just dosing between rounds of heat, sleepy and content except for the ache in his dick. He notices that there are now heat supplies on the end table beside Bucky's bed – a pitcher of water and packets of Kool-Aid for quick energy, some dried fruit and jerky, and most mortifying of all, alpha grade condoms. Apparently Bucky's mom had come in while they were – occupied.

“Bucky...”

“Mmm? You wanna go again Stevie?”

“Your ma bought us condoms.”


   “She what?” Bucky sits up quickly and stares,