, leaving him and Misha alone for a moment before the crowds moved in.  “Thanks for the post-its yesterday, babe.  You’re spoiling me,” Jensen whispered, slipping his hand in Misha’s and giving it a quick squeeze.  “I enjoyed one of your kisses last night, right before I had to fix my short-sheeted bed.”  Misha pulled him in for a hug.  “You know you love me anyway.”  They reluctantly pulled apart and Jensen nodded with a soft smile.  “Now get out of here and let me work, Dmitri.”    “As you wish, Jackles,” Misha smirked, and turned to sneak out the side door.  Jensen went to grab his phone out of his back pocket to check for any texts before starting the photo op line, and stuck to it was yet another post-it, this time yellow, and a few hand-written words.  ‘You said your heart was a trapdoor.  We kept falling through.’ – Rebecca Lindenberg  If the first few fans wondered why Jensen had such a sappy smile on his face in their photo ops, it would only be speculation anyway.  Jensen soon found out that post-it notes were a bit of a Vegas convention theme.  With the memory loss episode having just aired that week, fans had jumped on the bandwagon in photo ops and he and Jared were being stuck with the damn things all day.  He couldn’t help but smile when he realized that Misha had been ahead of the game.  It didn’t surprise him.  The man was always a leader, never a follower.  The pace of the afternoon went quickly.  Photos, meet and greet, afternoon panel, then more photos.  He loved conventions.  He genuinely enjoyed spending time with the fans, his SPN family, but it was exhausting as well.  He stopped in the green room for a Redbull before heading up for photo ops with Misha.  Jensen always wanted to be on his game for those.  The fans loved their playful interactions, and so did he.  Misha and Jared were just finishing up when he entered through the side door.  He stood to the side, moving his hips to the music, watching the last few fans enjoy their time with his friends.  The few seconds they got with their idols was so important to them, it always warmed his heart.  Even after so many years, it still amazed him the impact the show had on people; the family that they’d somehow created.  It was humbling and something he was insurmountably proud of.  While he’d been lost in thought, the photo op line had finished, and Misha and Jared had wandered over.  “What cloud was your head lost on?” Jared asked, between chugs from a bottle of water.  Jensen shook his head to clear it.  “Just appreciating what we have.”  Misha nodded, clearly understanding where Jensen was coming from.  “So, Jen.  You ready to go play Destiel?”  “Pretty sure most of the time they have us playing ourselves, Mish.  You know that, right?”  “Of course,” Misha smirked.  “So let’s go give them what they want.”  Jared rolled his eyes.  “You two are gross and I’m outta here before the eye-fucking starts.”   Jensen figured that was their cue to be as gross as possible in sort of polite company, at least in front of volunteers and Chris, so he tipped his head onto Misha’s shoulder and fluttered his eyelashes directly at Jared.  His giant friend backed out of the room with his hands in the air as if to say, I give up.  Jensen grabbed Misha possessively by the arm and danced them over to the backdrop.  “Let’s do this!”  Photo ops with Misha were always the most fun.  They chose some upbeat classic rock and Chris played along.  Some of the poses requested of them were ridiculous, and some were downright dirty.  Some they had to say no to just on principle, but others they had fun with.  The ones where they needed to be close, they often took advantage of, touching each other as much as they could get away with, squeezing hands, rubbing shoulders, caressing chests; they played it up for the fans, and they enjoyed it for each other.   About half way through the line, they stopped for a moment to grab a few sips of water from the nearby table.  Jensen slipped his phone from his back pocket and swiped to check for messages as he had a tendency to do whenever he had a minute – a habit he’d gotten into since becoming a father.  All he’d missed was a recent text from Misha.  He glanced up at the man in question who just gave him a knowing grin.  Tapping to open the text, all he saw was a photo of another post-it, this one bright blue.  Jensen enlarged the photo to be able to read the writing on the note.  “You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility for your life.” – Mary Oliver  Jensen couldn’t help but place