I?”  “Ugh, you know he'd be more likely to work with you.” And like that, though the moment of seriousness should not have passed so soon, they were back to their usual banter.  “Is he still bitter over your colors at our first World Cup? Honestly mate, just challenge him to a wand measuring contest and let the matter be done, everyone knows you supported Ireland as a whole and Viktor for his own merits.”  Ron waved a hand dismissively in his direction. “Sure, let's get into a pissing match for the whole Ministry to snicker about. Sorry blighters don’t have enough rumors in the mill as it is?”  Harry sighed.  That, however, was hardly the correct choice of response to a man who went to sleep nursing a headache and woke up drunk instead of the other way around. Ron set his expression the way Ginny would after a row, and under that withering stare Harry held up his hands in surrender.  "Okay, I'll deal with Rourke." 

 



Later than expected Harry’s feet carried him before the closed door labeled Emery S. Rourke, Director of Magical Transportation. As expected the man’s wireless was reporting on the finale between Egypt and Bulgaria loudly enough to make out each call clearly, and Rourke’s mutterings underneath when the announcer paused to breath. With such a ruckus Harry did not see much point in knocking. He turned the knob and stepped inside of the wide office overflowing with Quidditch memorabilia and only as many markings of station and books pertaining therein to Portkeys and Floo powder as to satisfy the standard set by Rourke’s predecessors.

“Morning, Emery.” The older wizard, reclined in his seat and staring up at a poster of Ireland on the ceiling overtop the department seal seemed to not hear Harry. I suppose it was for the best that Ron didn't come here today. Unfortunately Harry was also not in the mood to wait around for very long, and when still the director had not acknowledged him even after striding right up to Emery’s desk, Harry drew his wand and silenced the radio.

“-bloody Seeker couldn’t catch a Snitch if it was right underneath his nose--” after a moment Emery’s swearing against Victor Krum paused in mid complaint and he thumped his chair legs back to the carpeted floor, shaking his moppy brown hair into his blue eyes. “What the blazes do you want, Potter? Zaghloul has him on the edge of his wits!”

“Morning, Emery,” Harry repeated dryly. “I need to secure transport for myself and Ron overseas.”

“Oh, that prick?” Rourke scoffed. “Then he can come down here himself unless you’re under orders from the Minister. Now if you would I’d like to return to the match-” and he jabbed at the wireless with his own wand from the folds of a sleeve and the noise returned.

Harry was not amused. “No, we aren’t under orders. This is a personal favor.” He had to raise his voice to be heard, and Rourke waved his hands as if the matter was thus inconsequential compared to the finale and kicked back from his desk again as Egypt scored. It was quite tempting to bewitch the radio to dance through the other stations until it found Celestina Warbeck’s 21 hour tribute to love, but resorting to such a tactic would only be a short lived satisfaction.

One way or another Ron and I are going to be meeting with Charlie tomorrow. Still, he’d rather do this legitimately. A quick Portus might save them a few minutes of wearing down Rourke’s resistance, but crossing the borders would certainly send up sparks somewhere in this and another office and then they’d be receiving a few strongly worded admonishments signed in the Minister’s name at the very least.

He took a slow breath and on the exhale decided to pull a page out of the late Albus Dumbledore’s playbook, and conjured up a large plush armchair. Then he sat down, kicked up his trainers over Rourke’s desk, and folded his arms behind his own head to listen to the match. There were worse ways to spend time than listening to the latest World Cup coming to a close.

For almost half an hour Rourke attempted to ignore him. Harry quietly rooted on Victor and Bulgaria as Rourke swore about both teams, particularly whenever Egypt lost the Quaffle and the score rose in Bulgaria’s favor, on which occasion Harry would whistle softly in appreciation of Victor’s teammates. Rourke kept glancing at him from the corners of his eyes on such moments and his muttering would momentarily pause, then resume with more vigor. Eventually as the hour drew on and the referee called a break following a collision between the Egyptian chaser and one of Bulgaria’s beaters Rourke sat up with a dissatisfied curse.

“Damnation! Alright, Potter, spit it out before the match resumes, and then get the hell out of my office so I can enjoy this in peace!”

Finally. Harry unfolded his arms and lowered his feet to the floor. “We need to be in Bucharest