all, Albus, I need to prepare classes fo-“

“Oh,” he says with wide eyes, “You thought- no, no, it’s my fault, I’m terribly sorry.”  Albus exhales heavily, as though the weight of the world is on his shoulders.  Minerva for one is almost positive it can’t compare to having the weight of a fifteen year old’s body around one’s shoulders. 

(In a manner of speaking.)

She takes the bait anyway, certain as she is that she’s not going to like the answer.  “What do you mean?”

He sighs.

Again.

“I can’t have my students taught by a fifteen year old girl, Minerva,” Albus tells her with a shake of his head.  “That would be irresponsible.”

“Even for you?” Minerva mutters with a sinking heart, thinking back to possessed turban-wearing weaklings, award-winning smilers, werewolves and crazy prison escapees.

(Lupin, Minerva acknowledges, was less a werewolf and more a cuddly teddy bear with a dark side of teeth and blood.  But still.)

“Yes, Minerva,” he says sharply with a hint of annoyance, “even, as you say, for me.”

“Well sh- wonderful – what am I expected to do, then?”

“Take a holiday, perhaps?  Unless…”

She doesn’t like the sound of that but steels herself.

“Unless…?”

She’s right, as it turns out.

 

~

 

This is so, so stupid, she thinks to herself as she signs the ridiculous and quite possibly illegal signup sheet for Potter and minions’ latest suicide attempt, trying not to admire the admittedly awe- spectacular Charms work that has gone into the whole thing.

 “Don’t you think it’s rather odd that there’s a transfer student?  And since when was there another wizarding school – that we haven’t even heard of – in Britain?” Granger says in a rather failed attempt of a hushed whisper to Weasley and Potter.  Minerva refuses to acknowledge that it is possibly evidence of the psychological impact of the potion that she finds Granger’s words annoying and obnoxious rather than insightful, and the fact that Granger is…

Never mind.

As Minerva watches out of the corner of her eye, Potter shrugs.  “Give her a chance, ‘Mione.  She’s been sorted into Gryffindor, she can’t be that bad,” he says patiently (obviously, if he has to deal with Granger with her bushy hair and regrettably straight teeth and Minerva really has no idea why all the guys seem to think she’s that-)

She winces, resists the urge to clutch too obviously at her head.

“Here, Mi- Hermione, wasn’t it?” Minerva says loudly, smiling at Potter as she shoves the piece of paper back at Granger.

It’s a grateful smile, she insists to herself, and she absolutely isn’t resisting the urge to bat her eyelashes at him like she hasn’t done since that bastard Riddle back in sixth year.

“Alright, everyone, today we’re going to be covering…”

Minerva is far too preoccupied with trying to remind herself that she’s past menopause, not sixteen, to actually listen to whatever it is that Harr- Potter is telling the students.

 

~

 

Even though it took Minerva all of about five minutes to determine the exact nature of Harry’s (Potter, he is still your student, Potter) suicide attempt for the year, she still finds herself going to those ridiculous meetings (and really, Dumbledore’s Army?  As though the man actually needs an army) and mouthing spells that she’d mastered by third year. 

She finds herself forced to admit sometimes that perhaps Albus was a little remiss in actually providing the students with competent teachers.

(Just a little.)

(Maybe.)

(And there is absolutely nothing appealing about the way Harry (goddamnit) frowns when he’s duelling.)

(And she’s definitely not sinking into the pits of adolescent mentality.)

 

~

 

Alright, perhaps she is.  But Harry’s got the most gorgeous green eyes – even Hermione thinks so, when she’s not too busy mooning after that moron Weasley – and honestly, she’s sixteen, she deserves to give herself a break.

(And she is really careful to ignore that frustrating little voice in the back of her head that keeps insisting that she’s more sixty than sixteen and should really not have gotten drunk – something about arteries, and their apparent importance – and made out with Ginny Weasley for five Sickles when classes finished for the Christmas holidays.)

 

~

 

Christmas is the best time of her life because that’s when it happens.

“Hey Minnie, um.” 

Harry shuffles from foot to foot as, wand still raised after barely remembering to actually speak the spell when she knocks out Ginny, Minerva looks up at him from under her eyelashes. She’s very careful not to bat them (yet) as she answers, “yes?  Is something wrong with my technique?” Eyelashes, flutter, now!