he was happily away from them and really they didn’t cross his mind all that much and he would gladly continue ignoring their existence instead of going back to that horrid place.

 

After quickly trying on a few of the glasses, he chose a frame similar to his old one. It was thinner and better made, but the lenses were still round, although smaller and fitted his face better. They didn’t hide his face; instead they framed his eyes nicely. He requested a charm, which would adjust the strength of the lenses, as his eyesight would get worse over time. He paid a total of 45 Galleons (he had been saving pocket money for an occasion such as this) and hurried back. It was already getting late and he knew Sirius would be livid when he found out what he had done. And he would find out. Harry had locked his room under the pretence of hiding the whole day. Sirius wasn’t an idiot though and he’d more than likely have barged in there by now. Breathing in deeply, he steeled himself for the hell that was to come. Not that he regretted it.

 

 

*

 

 

Stepping out of the fire, he found the house oddly…silent. The lights weren’t on.

Harry walked through the room carefully, fingering on his wand a bit nervously. Nothing in the hallway, nothing in the kitchen. Silence. His breath seemed loud and his footsteps were almost deafening. Swallowing thickly, he went on as quiet as possible, his wand out. Going up the stairs, he stepped as lightly as he could, trying to stop them from creaking as much as possible. There was no sign of Kreacher or Sirius anywhere. His heart started to beat faster and faster; his breath hitched suddenly when he heard a high pitched noise of a door closing somewhere behind him. He stilled for a moment, straining his hearing, but he couldn’t hear any footsteps. His wand hand was starting to shake a bit, either from fear or holding it up for too long, perhaps both. It was dark and he could barely see, every shadow he could see out of the corner of his eyes seemed to be moving, just waiting to jump out at him. Heading towards Sirius’ room, he was desperately willing his whole body to stop shaking, with little success. He was going past his own room when he noticed that the door was open, only slightly. He pushed it open slowly and hesitantly, still not daring to make any noise. The things in his room were knocked over all over the place and the curtains had been ripped off the window together with the rail they’d been hanging on. It was a very unpleasant sight and Harry gulped loudly, the skin on his neck breaking out in cold sweat.

 


It was dark, his Aunt and Uncle were asleep. Dudley too. It was late and he was tired…very tired…his hands were blistered and they felt like they were burning, he’d been scrubbing the kitchen clean all night…his eyelids were falling shut…if he could just sleep for a little while…he shook his head and splashed his face with some cold water. He needed to make the kitchen sparkling clean or else his Aunt would shout at him and tell him how useless he is, a useless freak just like his father and mother…and then Uncle would whip his hands again…if he was lucky…he continued cleaning the gap between the floor and the oven thoroughly, but his hands were so sore already, he could hardly feel them. Only a few more hours and he would be locked in his cupboard again and able to sleep. His Uncle wanted him out of the way while they had guests, so he’d likely not be allowed back out until late the next night. He should probably sneak a little bit of food into his cupboard now, or he wouldn’t get anything to eat for an entire day. He groaned quietly. It was unfair, Dudley could eat all he wanted and then sweets too…while all he got were leftovers. His Aunt always said that was all he deserved and that he should be grateful for whatever they gave him. But today he had seen some other kids at school being picked up by their mums… he was sure none of them were up at three in the morning, cleaning the kitchen while their families slept. He couldn’t help but think it was unfair…suddenly he felt he wasn’t alone anymore. There were eyes watching him in the darkness somewhere…he shuddered, fear taking over. He got to his feet and looked into the shadows behind him…he turned around again and suddenly a pair of hands landed on his shoulders…and then all over him…he didn’t even know what was happening, he couldn’t see…then his hair was pulled back and his Uncle’s face appeared beside him, his moustache grazing Harry’s ear
 roughly. He muttered something 
that Harry didn’t quite understand and 
a fat hand cupped his backside…



 


A hand was placed on his shoulder. He