had a choice, a heartbreaking choice, to give in to his desire and to let Voldemort kiss him senseless or run, try to dispel the illusion and destroy the Horcrux… and never know how the touch of the man he had fallen for would feel on his skin.

“I’m going to do much more than just kiss you, Harry,” the Dark Lord announced smugly, his lips turning up into a smirk, immediately making Harry’s heart skip a beat involuntarily. He barely registered the arms unwrapping from around him, leaving him free to back away, reach for his wand or run… but he was transfixed by Voldemort’s handsome features, his high cheekbones, perfect nose, inviting lips… straight, proud posture, a little exposed skin on his neck… he was frozen in place, breathing in nervously. He didn’t dare to break eye contact with Voldemort’s crimson gaze – they were so close now, noses almost touching...

“Then are you going to kiss me or not?” he finally broke the silence, impatient, eager, anticipating. The corners of Voldemort’s lips merely turned up a little again and he remained quiet. Frustrated, Harry closed the gap between them with half a step and put his hands on the man’s chest to lift himself up slightly to reach. He placed his lips on Voldemort’s lightly, nervous and trying desperately to stay calm. He could literally feel the satisfied, victorious smirk form on the man’s lips and then respond to his curious but hesitant actions much more confidently while his hands moved around Harry to hold him close again. He assaulted Harry’s lips with breathtaking ferocity, demandingly and fast. Struggling for breath, he tried to keep up with the pace. The taste of another mouth on his, Voldemort’s taste, was overwhelming. He’d only ever kissed Cho and Ginny before, but this… was different in every aspect possible. Voldemort’s tongue plundered his mouth with swift expertise, the sensation swiping Harry off his feet, quite literally. Voldemort held him tightly though, not pausing his pleasurable assault for even a moment.

Before he realised it, he was being lowered onto a comfortable bed, Voldemort’s body pressing tightly down on him. Large, long-fingered, strong hands roamed over his body and suddenly he felt so, so hot, his body aching to shed every last bit of clothing already. He wanted to be closer, to show Voldemort everything and to see every part of the handsome man’s body as well… he was aroused more than ever before, the need and pleasure blurring his hazy thoughts even further.

Voldemort’s mouth moved to bestow a flourishing of kisses down his neck, surprisingly gentle, enticing an approving moan to rumble in Harry’s throat. He loosened Harry’s tie with a swift movement of his hand and quickly unbuttoned the top of Harry’s shirt, biting along his collarbone greedily.  

Breathing heavily, Harry melted under the man’s touch, easily throwing his head back in pleasure to allow him easier access. His body was eager for more… and that thought sent his mind to a grinding halt. Voldemort ceased his appreciation of Harry’s body and looked up at him, a knowing smirk on his lips, as always. He probably did know exactly what he was thinking…

“You’re hardly a virgin, Harry,” he mused, licking his lower lip a little, his neatly tied back hair now in slight disarray. Harry looked up to the diadem on his head, unable to see it of course and sighed, withdrawing from the man a little bit. “No need to be shy.”

“Well, yeah, but never... with a guy,” he ground out with some difficulty, averting his eyes and desperately trying not to blush. He wasn’t going to blush and faint like some bloody girl! Voldemort chuckled at that, lowering himself on top of Harry again, grinding up against him slightly. Harry squirmed as pleasure briefly flooded his cock at the friction, before it was gone again and he groaned in frustration and embarrassment, because he wanted more.

“Well then, I shall make your first time... spectacular,” Voldemort announced, now moving back again and proceeding to disrobe Harry. “And then you won’t ever want to let anyone else indulge in your body,” he added more quietly, which fell on deaf ears as Harry was squirming under him, embarrassed at being so exposed. Voldemort was still fully dressed, but Harry would soon fix that, attacking his buttons with ferocity matched only by his desire to get closer. The man’s body was impressive, flawless and masculine. Unlike Harry, who was still a bit scrawny and hadn’t taken any steps to maintain his body since he’d stopped playing Quidditch, Voldemort’s body was lean, but healthy and strong. His cock stood erect and proud in front of Harry – somewhat intimidating, really, but he took it in his hand eagerly, stroking it experimentally.

Voldemort was kneeling in front of him on the bed, approvingly