re not a monster.”







“Shut 




up!




” 




Draco roared, flames bursting from his mouth to lick across the ceiling. 




“When Voldemort cast a killing curse at you, your mother's love saved your life. My mother's love turned me into 




this




!”




Harry reached out and caught Draco's hand and didn't let go, even when one of Draco's nails scored across his palm. “I'm sorry. Draco, I'm so, so sorry.”




 Draco exhaled sharply, and lowered himself to press his forehead against Harry's. He was very warm. 




“I did it for you, you know. I betrayed my family for you. Maybe that's why her spells failed. She knew I'd betrayed them.”




“No. No, Draco. Your mother loves you. I know, I know you don't want to talk about her, but I see her every week. We – we have Sunday tea together. She talks about you all the time. She never meant for this to happen, and neither did I.”




“But it did. And now I'm a – I don't know what I am. Something like a dragon, and something like a nāga, but mostly I'm just 




hungry




. I hate it here. I'm so lonely, Harry.”







“I'm sorry, Draco. I'm so sorry.”






 He held Draco in his arms as best he could while Draco cried hot, bitter tears into Harry's chest.






Quatuor






 The next time he went to visit Draco, he brought the wand he'd won from him so many years ago, when Draco had still been undercover in Malfoy Manor. That had been right near the end, when Voldemort had finally realized someone was spying on him, and turned on Draco in a rage. Narcissa's protections, combined with the house magic dedicated to protecting the Malfoy heir, had saved Draco's life, but the spell had twisted horribly, and turned Draco into what he was now. It had turned into an utter brawl, Draco wreaking vengeance in his new form, and Narcissa had slipped away to send an urgent Patronus to Harry, begging him to save her son.



The Order had stormed the Manor, and Voldemort had been vanquished, but there was nothing they could do for Draco. Much like Harry's scar, it was a magic that could not be undone, and Draco had fled into the rubble of the Manor, and refused to come out. They'd had a trial for him in absentia, and Harry had fought tooth and nail to keep them from labeling him a traitor. He'd presented all the evidence they had of Draco being a spy for the Order, and he and Snape had grudgingly been given Orders of Merlin after the fact. Snape had fallen at the Manor at Draco's side, and knowing what he knew now about Snape and his mother only made Harry feel more terrible.

There was a great deal more argument about whether or not Draco should be allowed to remain at Malfoy Manor, who the property now belonged to, and most especially what they should do with Draco's wand. It was eventually decided that they would not try to rout Draco from his lair, but neither was he allowed to leave the grounds. Having his wand returned was still a legal matter pending before the court, and after all this time it was likely to remain in appeals for as long as Harry remained alive, after which it would be swept aside in a pile of political tape.

Before he'd even had the chance to present Draco with his wand, or the two recently shorn sheep he'd brought him, Draco slithered out from his usual hiding place and said,


“There are Muggles in the dungeon.”


Harry nearly dropped the leads on the two suddenly terrified animals. “There are what?”

Draco slithered nearer, inspecting the sheep closely. When fixed with Draco's stare they ceased their bleating and stood practically frozen. He turned to Harry and stroked one finger down Harry's cheek. He couldn't help it, he practically shuddered at Draco's touch. It had just been so long.

 “I was out on the grounds, hoping to get some nice squid from the lake, or maybe a sturgeon or two -”Draco scowled at Harry's expression, “Surely you don't think I eat people all of the time, do you?”

That was exactly what Harry had thought.


“Whatever. I was out hunting, minding my own business on my own damn property, when I found Muggles, fishing in my lake. Muggles! There are mermaids in my lake, Harry. Mermaids, and giant freshwater squid, and all manner of things Muggles shouldn't be allowed to see. And then of course they saw me, and that's when the screaming started.”


“Why'd you put them in your dungeon?”

“What the hell else am I going to do with them? I didn't have my wand, so I