and smile and steadiness - and though he was loud and confident like his father he’d inherited Periboea’s complete lack of malice. Teucer looked more like Telamon than Ajax did; there was something so like his father in the way her son laughed and tossed his curly head that it made Hesione’s heart hurt.  

But nothing hurt more than Teucer’s absence from the women’s quarters, the emptiness of the long hours spent weaving without his piping voice and endless questions for company. For a while she still had him to herself in the evenings, and could listen and smile while he chattered on about all the exciting things he had done that day. Soon, however, he grew tall enough and strong enough that Telamon began to train him in real combat, and Teucer and Ajax spent nearly every waking moment with their father and the other men. He ate beside his brother in the hall while Hesione still supped with the other servants, and stopped coming to see her at the end of the day. Their most frequent interactions now were chance meetings in the house; he always seemed happy to see her, greeting her with a hug and a kiss and a brief account of his latest exploits, but such encounters never lasted long and always ended with Hesione feeling as though someone had torn her heart from her chest. 

One night, after Telamon had visited her bed and taken his pleasure from her, Hesione sat and massaged his shoulders while the talk turned to their son. Telamon praised Teucer’s progress in all his lessons, and Hesione smiled, though her heart felt like lead.

“I’m glad he fares well,” she began tentatively, hoping Telamon was relaxed enough that this would not rile his temper. “I do miss him, though. I see so little of him now.”

Telamon shrugged. “He will be a man soon, and must learn men’s ways. Be grateful, woman, that I have made him my son instead of a slave, and that he’s proven quick enough to be worth the effort.”

“Still,” said Hesione softly, running her hands down the length of his muscled back, “perhaps he could spend an evening with me every so often? What harm could it do?”

“Enough, Hesione,” Telamon said, and she could feel him tensing under her hands. “He could spend his time with slave women when he was a babe, but he is my son, and I will decide what is best for him now.”

A sudden defiance rose up within her, even though she could read the warning in his words and body. Hesione withdrew her hands and snapped, “Teucer is of the royal line of Troy, one of the greatest in the world. He is my son, too.”

The blow came quick and hard, sending her crashing into the wall before she collapsed on the bed. Face and skull throbbing, she stared up at her master’s furious face and broke into sobs. Telamon’s expression faded from rage to disdain, and he stood and walked away, leaving her weeping on the mattress.

When she encountered Teucer in the hall the next day, the sight of her vivid black eye stopped him cold. “What happened, Mother?” he asked, looking worried. 

“Nothing, dearest,” she assured him, forcing herself to smile. “Just an accident.” She reached out to run a hand through his curls. 

“Oh.” He still looked uncertain, but let her change the subject and chattered to her about his studies until Ajax and some other boys appeared, calling his name. Then he accepted her kiss on the cheek and gave her one in return before scampering off to his friends, high spirits restored. 

Hesione watched him go, feeling fragile enough to shatter. She was losing her boy to a world of men and war and masters, powerless to stop it, and nothing now could ease the loneliness of her days.

Ajax is the biggest man Tecmessa has ever seen. He could kill her with his bare hands in any number of ways, and at first she cannot conceal her fear at his touch. But despite his reputation for relying on brute force, there is very little malice in him. He is not gentle - she’s not sure he knows how to be - but neither is he unduly rough, or purposefully cruel. 

He rarely directs his infamous temper at her; she doesn’t have broken bones, or bruises that never seem to heal, like some of the other slave women do. He has occasionally struck her for displeasing him (open-handed blows that no doubt seemed light to him, yet knocked her off her feet), but such outbursts become ever rarer as she learns how to read his moods and unspoken desires, to satisfy his whims almost before he knows them himself, to bury her grief and pain and weariness as deep as they will go and never let on that she is anything less than pleased to see him when he returns from the battlefield. He rewards her efforts with trinkets and kisses and takes uncomplicated delight in her presence.     

When Tecmessa’s stomach swells with his