which sits elegantly on the back of her neck in a braided knot. She is an inch or so taller than Haleth, heavily pregnant and noticeably thinner than her sister-in-law, as though every scrap of nourishment has gone to the child growing inside her. Haldan stands close to his mother’s side, and she grips the boy’s shoulder tightly with one white-knuckled hand. Her other hand hangs at her side, fingertips barely brushing the back of Haleth’s. 

Many of the strangers have left now, taking their wounded back to wherever they came from. Their leader and a number of his men remain, though Haleth has not spoken to the elf chieftain since their first conversation; she’s had far too much to do. 

“He must want something from us.” she told Danyal earlier as they worked. “Why else would he wait?”

The other woman frowned. “What could he possibly want? We have nothing.” 

Haleth had no answer for her then, and she has none now, so she ignores the strangers watching from a respectful distance and grasps her sister-in-law’s hand. Their eyes meet, and Haleth nods, letting her know that she is ready to begin.

Danyal sings first, her voice high and quavering, though it soon grows stronger. When the time comes, Haleth joins with the harmony; her tone is harsher and cracked from fatigue, but the pitch rings true and the notes lock into place. Danyal’s grip on her hand is painfully hard as their voices twine together, and as she listens to the sound ring out into the grey sky Haleth feels something loosen inside her. 

The third verse passes, and some part of Haleth realizes that her voice is starting to hurt, but she hardly cares. At the fourth and final verse, the rest of her people join in, wearily, raggedly, dragging the pace of the music until at last the song grinds to a halt. The final chord fades away into a deadened silence.

The circle breaks apart, and in moments Haleth is surrounded by people crying, wailing, hugging friends and family members and lamenting their shared grief. Danyal turns to face the crowd, offering and accepting consolation, but Haleth stays where she is, silent, letting the sounds and people swirl around her. Only Danyal’s anchoring hand keeps her from losing herself completely in the chaos. 

~

“You should rest before speaking to him,” Danyal protests as she helps Haleth out of her battered armor with steady hands. “We don’t know who he is, or what he wants, or whether he means us harm. Make this Lord Caranthir wait until tomorrow, until you’ve gotten a chance to get your strength back.” 

They’ve returned to the tent that Haleth hastily constructed to shelter the two of them and Haldan, where Danyal has carefully stowed all their remaining belongings. Grimacing, Haleth strips off the rest of her clothing, which is caked in grime and dust and blood. 

“You’re right - we have no idea what he means to do. I can’t let him think I’m so weak that I need a full day of recovery before I can even negotiate. Do we have any more clean shirts?” she asks, her face impassive. Danyal nods and hands one to her, along with a formal vest covered in heavy embroidery. Haleth stares at it for a moment, then at her sister-in-law. 

“If you’re really going, you may as well look presentable,” Danyal insists. As Haleth pulls on the shirt and the vest, Danyal dips a clean rag into a basin of water and wrings it out before handing it over. “Wash your face.”

Haleth obeys, though she suspects that removing the layer of dirt from her skin will only make her bruises and the dark circles under her eyes stand out. She accepts the piece of dried meat Danyal shoves into her hands, for though her first thought is to protest that the other woman needs the nourishment more, the look in her sister-in-law’s eyes tells her she that she will not win this argument.

Her last pair of trousers are torn and dirty, and it’s been years since she’s been tall enough to borrow Haldar’s clothing, so she dons a clean skirt with blue embroidery at the hem - her mother’s work.  She fastens Haldad’s old belt and sword around her waist, battered as they are, and stretches out her arms, presenting herself to Danyal for inspection. 

The other woman shakes her head, almost smiling. “Your hair,” she says gently, and Haleth remembers that her hair has been in the same braid for more than a week, practically glued in place with dirt and sweat. Only now does it occur to her that this might be a problem. 

They quickly realize that, despite their best efforts, there is nothing that can be done about the hair while it’s in this condition. Danyal motions for Haleth to sit down, then places the basin on a stool and moves it closer.