out near Baton Rouge for a few days getting to know Will before the accident even happened. Will had told him that much, and explained how he'd ended up with Will to start with. Getting over Sara and Gil had been the name of the game when he'd gone on vacation, and Will had made that happen. Will had been there to put the pieces together after the accident. Will had taken care of him, helped him, had been there. More than Gil ever had been. More than anyone ever had been, flexible to Greg's whims. They didn't even fight, not real drag down, car door slamming, stomping off to the beach fights. Well, maybe one or two of those.

Even those ended up pretty damn nicely. "If you want to leave partway through, we'll go. I promise."

"I know. It's stupid to be so uptight about this. I mean. They were my friends, before." Before he'd found Will, and his life had gotten better. Different, maybe, but a lot better.

"It's not stupid. You left, severed ties. You're nervous about them for a reason, and it's probably why you left in the first place." Will smiled, sliding his hands into his jeans pockets.

True. "It just feels ridiculous, to be worried about Nick. He's... Nick's a good guy. He's the kind of guy you could trust with your life if you needed to. You know?" He had, more than once. Nick was also vulnerable in a way that tempted bad people to prey on him.

Greg was glad he'd never had that particular problem.

"Then maybe it's not him making you nervous. Could it be people you associate with him?"

Gil.

Sara.

Warrick.

"You know the year before I left sucked. I guess it's just thinking about that, to be honest. And I could have done a better job of leaving. Could have come and packed up my own stuff, resigned in person."

"Then let's tidy out what we can. I'll help." He'd do anything Greg didn't want to do. He'd talk to Gil, if he showed up, although Greg didn't think he would.

They were coming up on the restaurant now. For a second, he reached over and grasped Will's hand tight, pulling a little courage together for himself. He wasn't sure if it was enough, but it would have to do, and so he reached for the door, and they stepped inside. It was a nice place, nice enough that Will had called about a reservation for themselves and for Stokes. It was just a matter of walking up to the hostess and saying "Reservation for Graham."

She looked up, all blonde French twist and prettily pursed red lips and smiled. "Oh, yes. The other parties have already arrived. Just this way."

Other parties. He had figured on it, and he'd hoped that wouldn't be the case, but there it was. Other Parties, and that could be almost anybody. Dammit, he didn't want to see anybody, not even Nick in particular. They'd ask questions and dig and there were parts of his life he didn't like to think about, much less explain.

Will moved his fingers, reached for Greg's hand again, and walked with him towards the table. There was Nick, and Catherine. Catherine, he'd missed Catherine, and there.... Oh god. That was Grissom. He looked so much older than he had. If Will hadn't been holding his hand, he would have bolted then and there. Taken a running leap right out of the place and he would have kept running all the way back to Mexico, maybe even further. Maybe all the way to South America, just to be sure. Not Costa Rica, though. He could see the wedding ring on Gil's finger. Costa Rica was verboten, for so many reasons. Shame there hadn't been any man-size human munching bugs down there, and the second he had the thought, he felt bad about it.

"Hey, Greggo. I, uh. Sorry, I didn't mean to overwhelm you or anything. I mentioned to Catherine that I saw you today and then..." Nick shrugged. "I had to beat everybody off with a stick."

Will's fingers shifted, squeezed gently as if to urge him on. "We don't leave home very often. First real vacation we've taken in a while. I'm, uh, actually only half familiar with you all," Will said as he slid into the chair near the wall, leaving Greg the outer edge. There were so many reasons to love Will, and that was just one of them.

"Wow, nice to know we're just that