he had cosmic inevitability on his side, as from his perch in his moon mansion, he saw a very small meteor plummet towards Alternia.

 

Tavros yelped and nearly toppled backwards out of his chair as a small rock hurtled into his hive, barely missing his carefully constructed deck, and completely obliterating Stop Being The Troll Other Trolls Want To Troll, And Become The Troll Who Trolls Other Trolls - An Instructional Twelve Step Guide With Informational Charts And Appendices.  As the puff of charred pages slowly floated back to the ground, Tavros noticed there was a dark green piece of... well it couldn't be paper, it'd have burnt off... wrapped around the rock.  He wheeled over and managed to scoop it up.  It certainly felt like paper...

 

Written on the paper in perfect white script, was simply "Please highlight the mysterious blank spaces, Mr. Nitram".  Confused, Tavros hastily scooted around back to his husktop, and highlighting the vast expanses of white, and proceeded to read line after line about how Tavros wasn't going to read this text until he was reading this and ha ha hee hee hoo hoo I'm so self assured and - Tavros had to stop reading.  He just couldn't take this strange man's cocky assertiveness, and decided to give him a piece of his mind.

 

"sO, I WANTED TO TELL YOU", he typed, "tHAT YOU ARE VERY SELF-ASSURED, aND KIND OF, cOCKY, aND I WAS WONDERING IF, yOU'D KINDLY, uM, tEACH ME HOW TO BE LIKE YOU? iF THAT'S ALRIGHT WITH YOU?"  Immediately, white text sprang forth, which Tavros quickly highlighted, to read:

 "Mr. Nitram, normally I would be delighted to help you, but as you no doubt are unaware, but I am very much aware, I am very busy at this time, and I'm afraid I really can't afford to take the time to teach you to be just as suave, self-confident, and as excellent a host as me."  Tavros slumped his shoulders in familiar defeat.  "But please do right your shoulders, dear boy," the white text continued, "as I'm willing to make you a deal.  Are you, by any chance, familiar with a game called 'Fiduspawn'?"  Tavros excitedly typed back that he was, amazed at his luck.  "Excellent.  Of course, any pretense of chance I may have implied to you previously was of course an illusion.  We are both of course familiar with Fiduspawn, and soon, we will begin playing said game under a wager of sorts.  Simply put, if you win, I will take time out of my busy schedule to teach you my ways."

 "bUT, uM, wHAT IF YOU WIN?"

 "Then I will take time out of my busy schedule to teach you my ways."

 "aLRIGHT, iT'S A DEAL," Tavros typed back, and gathered up his cards and host plushie.  He was going to go back to Trollian and ask how the mysterious man intended to play without being in the same room, when suddenly another rock flew into Tavros' hive, destroying nothing of note, but widening the hole in his wall considerably.  Wrapped around the meteorite was another plushie, but this one seemed even more full than usual.  Tavros watched in astonishment as the plushie unwound itself from the rock, bent over, and vomited out a stack of cards, which it began to shuffle.  This was certainly an unusual Fiduspawn match he was about to play, but even if he lost, Tavros was assured to get what he wanted nevertheless.

 Tavros put up a valiant effort, but eventually his death points had accrued 23, one more and it would be Game Over.  Fingers trembling, he reached into the deck and - AHA! Grinning, Tavros slapped down Leavings Technician, causing two damage to his opponent, bringing their Death Points up to 13, and allowing him to search his desk, remove all three Sentient Hoofbeast Leavings, and put them all in play.  "Um, your turn!" he said to the ever silent plush he was playing against, already starting to feel a bit of confidence, and his training hadn't even begun yet!  His opponent plush seemed like it was thinking hard about its options, and then suddenly whisked all of his active cards into the discard pile.

 "So, you concede, then!" Tavros started to say, when the host plush slapped down Rise With Ashes.  Tavros gasped - it was arguably the most powerful, and inarguably the most rare card in the whole game.  It required intense sacrifice, but promised wondrous rewards.  Tavros gulped and looked at his own plush, from which suddenly erupted a scaley little monster.  Tavros groaned, and turned to shake hands with his opponent, but stopped as a strange green light started to crackle around the room.  He watched, transfixed, as the opponent plush grew, and changed, until suddenly there was a four foot tall person with a large, perfectly round, white head before him.

 "You don't need to be so surprised," the man said,