.

The Third righted that matter with the end of a rigid pole. Just as two months earlier, lighting his pipe so quickly that Naruto could not even read the hand seals, so too did the Hokage move like the wind in striking down each remaining Iwa-nin that closed in on them, smashing the bodies to the ground only to fling them skyward the next instant in a blur of precision. In a handful of beats sixteen men came crashing to the hard land, unconscious.

The last, the commander of the strike team, watched from a measured distance. "Iwa remembers," he bit out hotly, and before the stretching staff could reach him, the man leveled the earth upwards beneath their feet and the wagon where the Third and the merchant stood, and then he was gone underground.

In the aftermath of the surprise assault, the Third sent his walking, talking staff to finish bringing the scroll merchant on into Iwa proper, and issued a return to Konoha for the rest of them while the evening hours still burned red on the horizon. Naruto complained loudly about being sent home without seeing the mission through to its completion, but he quelled soon enough before the Third's stare.

"'least we got to use our kenjutsu sommat," he muttered under his breath to his teammates. Kiba was less enthused, but it was Ino who seemed to be downright shaken by her contributions in the act of death. Naruto could, for once, sympathize. Mizuki's demise had not been a pleasant introduction to the real side of the ninja arts awaiting them down the road.

They reached the gates of Konoha by sunrise of the second morning following the incident. Unknown to his students, the Third Hokage had sat watch while they slept fitfully each time they bedded down for the night, thoughts too full to sleep even had he not been intent on seeing Team Sarutobi returned to Konoha safely.



[Dice]


Naruto frowned. "So what do we do in the meanwhile?"

"What else? Train. There's no guarantee anyone will be nominated."

And on that ominous note, one week later, the same Jōnin came around to break the news; "Sorry to say it, but Lord Hokage can not in good faith nominate Team Sarutobi for this year's Chuunin Exams. Better luck next time."

A cold stone sank down Naruto's gullet and settled into place amidst his ramen noodles. Kiba and Akamaru pitched a fit, complaining about the man hours spent working together for nothing this year, while Ino rolled her eyes and left without a word.

"But… but we worked so hard!" Naruto finally said to the silver haired man. "We even fought off those Iwa shinobi! The Old Man's been drilling us fiercely for over two months! What more does he want?"

The Jōnin stared at him with a curious expression. "Sometimes your skill and dedication just aren't enough to cut it, kid. Lord Hokage's decision is final. There's always next year."



[Dice]


Below, Sasuke, of course, because who else but the prestigious bastard of the Uchiha clan, was fighting another genin from Suna and holding his own against the barrage of sand attacks.

Naruto squinted at his Academy rival and secretly hoped to see him beaten to a bloody pulp, but what were the odds of that actually happening? So far, slim to none. Red eyes aglow, Sasuke was countering every attack thrown his way, and landing a handful of his own in retribution.

After twenty minutes Naruto gave up and stood up, working back from the crowd into the rest of the Academy and then into the village center. I could really go for about ten bowls of Teuchi's tastiest, spiciest ramen right now, he lamented. I'll even settle for the fish roe ramen.

He never got the chance.

The village lit up like a bonfire, as throughout, ten infiltrators set into motion Konoha's destruction and the taking of the hidden beasts pooled together.

"Naruto!" Ino was the first to reach him after the explosions stopped, finding the other blond half buried in a pile of debris. Naruto grunted as he crawled out from beneath a shattered wall, bleeding from half a dozen small but irritable wounds. He wiped a torn sleeve across his brow and held his arm there to stem the flow from reaching his eyes.

"Oh kami, Naruto, it's awful! We need to find Kiba!"

"What the hell happened?"

"I don't know!"

A man stepped out from the shadows behind them, an older, harrowed, sterner copy of Sasuke. Naruto stared at him blankly, briefly wondering how the bastard had grown over a foot and when did his Sharingan start bleeding from the tear ducts, when the longest three days of the young ninja's life came crashing down upon him in a reign of horrible fire and memories of torture, the Iwa battle gone catastrophically wrong.

Ino screamed when her teammate collapsed bonelessly, shivering, to the ground. When the darker Sasuke turned his bleeding gaze upon her she hit him with all the oomph of her Shintenshin no Jutsu