walked to his father. "When you see something happening, what are you supposed to do?"

"Come and get you right away," he droned, the straw flopping in his mouth. Elros pulled the offensive bit away, tossing it behind him. "I wasn't the one doing something wrong," Vardamir half- sneered, staring at the bit of straw that was in the grass as a butterfly with blue and gold wings chose to land upon it.

"Vardamir, you're older than they are," sighed Elros. "You're also twice as big, you can't keep telling them not to do things and threatening that you're going to hit them. It is my job to discipline them, and to keep you in line as well."

"So I should just let them keep doing it?"

"No! You should come and get me!" Elros shook his head. "If you get me, then I will tell them not to do it."

"But if it's wrong," countered Vardamir, "then what does it matter if I tell them it's wrong or if you tell them it's wrong?"

"Because I don't want you telling them you're going to hit them!"

"But I don't hit them! You're the one who hits them!"

"No, I spank them, when they need it. I'm their father," replied Elros through clenched teeth. "I'm your father, too, and you're this close to being taken over my knee."

Vardamir opened his mouth to continue, but Manwendil shrugged Elrond's hands from his shoulders and ran to Vardamir. "No, daddy, no, he was only worried about me," he said, flinging his arms around Vardamir's legs. "He didn't do anything wrong, please, daddy, I won't cry about the butterflies anymore, I promise." On the verge of tears, Manwendil kept his word, making a snerking, sniffling noise as he kept himself from crying.

Elros closed his eyes and rubbed the left side of his face, making a circular motion at his temple. "Elrond, I have children for sale, going cheap," he mumbled to his brother. "In fact, if you take these two, I'll throw in the two in the cabin free."

"No thank you," replied Elrond quickly. "I have none now, and prefer it that way."

Elros grinned. "Someday, brother," he said, and turned his attention back to his angsty eldest and anguished second-youngest. "I'm not going to spank Vardamir. I may tan the hides of your brother and sister," he said, looking back in the direction of the log cabin that overlooked the lake, a small hideaway the twins had built for themselves and their families and close friends to use in a quiet, hidden valley.

"That's fine, they deserve it," Manwendil answered. "I would even help."

Even Vardamir couldn't help but smile as Manwendil crushed his face against the legs of his older brother and mumbled that he wouldn't like it, but he would do it if necessary as his father and uncle laughed. "Come on, little man, let us go and see if they have heeded my orders or not." Elros hoisted Manwendil up onto his shoulders and began to walk to the cabin. Elrond and Vardamir followed, with the favorite uncle bumping into his nephew enough times to finally crack a smile, and then a chortle, and finally Vardamir allowed Elrond to sling his arm around the boy's shoulder as they trekked up the slope.

"You know what is worse than a spanking?" asked Manwendil from his high vantage point.

"Not a clue," answered his father. "What's worse than a spanking?"

"To clean out the horse stalls," he answered. "Because it stinks and it's squishy between your toes if you step wrong in the hay."

"I suppose it has nothing to do with it being your chore, does it, clever little man?" asked Elros, glancing up. Manwendil shook his head. "Alright, then, a week of stall cleaning for them, and you can come fishing with Vardamir and Uncle Elrond and I tomorrow while they do it." Manwendil nodded his head twice very prominently.

"Maybe they should both have to milk the cow this week, too," suggested Vardamir hopefully.

"Don't push it," warned Elros. "Be thankful you're not cutting a switch for me right now."

Vardamir shoved his hands into his pockets. "Yes, sir."

"Here, take your brother and get cleaned up. Don't say a word to your brother and sister, either of you," added Elros as he lifted Manwendil down to the ground. His sons nodded and raced to the water pump. "When are you going to get yourself married? I want to see your elflings before I die," said Elros when the children were all in the cabin.

Elrond