'm cold. You have to warm me up.''

 

Arthur let out a strained laugh. ''Merlin. You can't... god, you really have no sense of propriety at all, do you?''

 

Merlin giggled and buried his face against Arthur's neck. ''Nooo? Because you are a prat. And I need your toes. On it, I mean.. need to keep you there, yes.''

 

''Do you now?'' Arthur asked, trapped somewhere between annoyance, amusement and - yes, damn it - arousal.

 

''Yesh. But pssssht... no one can know. Because we are coins, yeah? And if anyone would know, I couldn't stay with you. And I really, really need to stay with you, Arthur.''

 

Merlin looked up at him then, imploringly, and Arthur cleared his throat awkwardly, because Merlin's face was full of adoration.

 

''You're drunk, Merlin,'' Arthur groaned out and Merlin nodded happily.

 

''Yeah...'' he sighed, frowning a little for a moment, but then the goofy grin was back. ''But you love me anyway... yeah?''

 

Arthur looked at Merlin, flushed and pliant and somehow glowing with an inner light.

 

''Yeah,'' Arthur whispered, and then had to swallow against the sudden dryness in his throat. ''You should go to sleep now. I'll hang your clothes up by the fire.''

 

''T's so nice of you Arthur... you should be nice more... like it.''

 

Arthur lightly cuffed Merlin around the ears. Well, it was meant as a cuff, and if it ended up as more of a petting kind of caress, it really didn't matter because Merlin was already tilting to the side, burrowing his face in the pelt, and soon after there were those little puffs of breath that meant that Merlin had fallen into the oblivion of sleep. 

 

***

 

It had become cold when the sun had gone down, spring taking his sweet time this year. So Arthur wasn't really surprised when he pulled his own bedroll closer to the flames and saw that Merlin was shivering a little in his sleep. Arthur had put Merlin's wet clothes up on branches to dry beside the fire and put some more wood on the flames in the hope that it would keep the fire burning for at least a little while. 

 

When he turned back to the heap of fur and blankets that had his manservant buried beneath, Merlin had turned on his side, face to the fire. The flickering light was dancing over his features in a way that left Arthur breathless once more. His long lashes threw sooty shadows over his cheeks, his long nose seemed elegant now and those lips... Arthur really had to drag his eyes away from those lips, because the things he was thinking weren't things he should be thinking and if he didn't look away soon, they might lead to him doing things he very, very much shouldn't be doing. 

 

On the other hand, Merlin obviously was cold, and the best way to keep the chill away was sharing body heat, something Arthur and Merlin had done on many an occasion. It was totally normal for Arthur to put his own bedroll next to Merlin's so that Merlin had the fire at his front and Arthur's body at his back. There wasn't that much space because of the log, but that would be a good shelter for Arthur so it was actually perfect. 

 

Arthur quickly undressed down to his small clothes and dove into the pelts, arranging them so that they covered both him and Merlin because Arthur's were thicker and warmer and that way they could share all the heat. It was a good plan, and Merlin seemed to agree even in his sleep, because he sighed softly in what had to be contentment and wriggled around a little until his back was flush against Arthur's front. This left Arthur feeling very warm indeed.

 

The problem was, though, that Merlin wouldn't stop wriggling. The other problem was that Arthur didn't know where he should put his hands, and he realised that this had previously not been an issue because they mostly had shared body heat while lying back to back. Well there was no room for this here, so Arthur just put one arm around Merlin, hoping that might keep his manservant from shifting around so much. Only as soon as Arthur's sword calloused hand came to rest on Merlin's chest, Merlin started to snuggle back even closer to Arthur, grinding his arse into Arthur's groin with a soft little sigh. And for the love of Camelot, Arthur was a man who prided himself on his control, but this was just too much even for a knight of Camelot. He couldn't help but grind back just a little, pressing his aching cock into the cleft between Merlin's cheeks. For a second Arthur thought he would spend from that pleasure alone, and he couldn't stop himself from wriggling his other arm between them so that he could finally release his throbbing erection. 

 

He unlaced his pants with clumsy fingers, eager to