precipice that was difficult to ignore.

Right now Misha is at home with Vicki and the kids and Jensen is with Jared in his trailer, home too far away for just one night. The polling stations are closing state by state, and the map on the big screen tv, with its mostly red and not enough blue blocks, is a constantly evolving yet horrifying nightmare. It’s too much like watching a deadly train wreck in slow motion.

There are two simultaneous Skype chats open – Danneel and Gen on one laptop, curled up together on the couch at Jared’s place, evidence of future generations in their swollen bellies, and the other a picture of Misha’s living room with Vicki on the floor, her back against the couch and Misha pacing with a twisted look on his face that Jensen isn’t sure if he even recognises. Jensen tries to place it. He’s seen Misha both sad and angry, and although there’s a measure of both there, neither is quite fitting. When Misha turns to face him and their eyes lock, the only word that comes to him is disgust. Disgust at the man who is turning his beloved country into a freak show. Disgust at the blind half of that same country that seems to think the sun shines out of his racist, misogynistic, homophobic ass. And Jensen’s heart breaks as he realizes he even sees disgust in Misha’s beautiful blue eyes at himself for not doing enough to stop it.

 

Wednesday – Sadness

The day after is the hardest. Jensen needs to be on set early so he Facetimes both Danneel and Misha first thing, one right after another. No, neither of them has really slept. Yes, they’ve already spoken to each other. Neither of these facts surprises Jensen. His wife’s beautiful inner strength and ability to see things with positivity buoys him a little and he’s eternally grateful she’s his and that’s she’s empathic enough to know that Misha would have needed that strength this morning.

Misha is a wreck. Jensen isn’t sure what he expected, but broken wasn’t it. He can hear the crack in Misha’s voice as he tries to relay some cute story of Maison’s escapades with maple syrup that morning, but as much as Misha adores his little girl, Jensen can tell it’s just a distraction – a distraction from waking up to a new reality. It’s a reality Misha put so much of his heart and soul into to trying to prevent and Jensen can see in the liquid blue eyes that his heart is in pieces. It’s taking every ounce of willpower Jensen has not to just hop onto Highway 1 and head south. Misha is so close, yet so far in this moment and Jensen needs to help him, in a more physical way. What he’s doing now isn’t enough. It will never be enough.

Mid-morning, Misha posts a fifteen second video on Facebook and Jensen’s heart breaks. He can tell by the comments that fandom is hurting with him. They care so much for Misha – well most of them – and he has never been so glad for Misha’s ability to look past the hate. He will only see the good in people like always and he’ll be lifted by the heartfelt love that his fans are sending. He’s never considered them fans really, just friends, and that’s fitting right now because he needs all the friends he can get.

Jensen heads back to his trailer to make a quick phone call. He needs to hear Misha’s voice. He needs to tell him that he loves him – that he believes in him, and that no matter what, they’re in this together.

 

Thursday – Anger

Misha’s back on set on Thursday and Jensen is beyond relieved. They’re never good at being apart, but the last few days have been agonizing. When he left Misha on Sunday in New Jersey, he’d been foolishly complacent, almost to the point of wondering why Misha and Darius were even bothering with their trip to Ohio. Hillary had this, right? The online polls all showed it was practically in the bag. How had he been so stupid?

The day begins with desperate kisses in Misha’s trailer. With the pent up emotion of the past four days, it’s not surprising that it turns physical. What starts as clinging quickly ends up as fucking, and awareness barely kicks in before they’re both panting and coming and Misha is slipping out of Jensen and flopping down beside him on his unmade bed.

Jensen can still see the sadness from the day before, but there’s something else there today as well. It’s not until later, when they’ve made it through the first half of their shooting day, had their lunch break, checked the reaction tweets from that night’s episode (and somehow Dean has fittingly killed Hitler), that Misha tweets as himself for only the second time since Monday. He’s fucking angry. Misha berates