and the last time we spoke you made it quite clear I was to stay away from you and your problems.” 

Dean didn’t know where to start. There were too many things to say and there had been too much already left unsaid. Dean sighed. “I don’t know. I guess I just wanted to make sure you were alright.”

 “I assure you I’m fine. Thank you.”

Cas’ formal tone was a little unexpected. Dean had assumed they would fall back into comfortable friendship. He found himself more than a little frustrated with Cas’ apparent disregard for something Dean thought had been important to both of them but he supposed he had some amends he needed to make before he could expect anything different.

“Cas,” Dean started, stopping just as quickly and turning to look straight into Cas’ solemn face.

With little regard to how Cas might react, Dean took a deep breath and began to speak. With the culmination of his feelings over the past years mingled with his frustration in Cas’ apparent lack of caring, he found himself suddenly spilling out everything he needed to say. 

“I’m so sorry! I needed to make sure you weren’t still hurt. I needed to know if the last few days affected you the same way they did me because I’ve been beating myself up inside wondering if I’m ever even gonna see you again, man. I had to see if you cared enough to come back; if our friendship meant anything to you.” Dean’s gaze drifted downwards and wondered if he would regret his next words. “I had to find out if you think about me in the same way I dream about you. I had to know, Cas, because the not knowing is tearing me apart.”

Dean sank to the floor. His fear of rejection prevented him from looking up. He fully expected Cas to leave him there, slumped on the floor, shivering in the admission of his feelings, knowing that he had just laid everything he had ever known on the line in just a few short minutes.

It seemed like a lifetime he sat on the threadbare rug with his head on his knees. The light touch on his shoulder surprised him and his heartbeat quickened at the gesture. Cas was still there after everything Dean had just said.

“Dean.” Dean looked up slowly, in awe at the sudden change in Cas’ tone.

Cas slid his fingers gently down Dean’s arm, just a feather-light touch, eventually reaching his hand and pulling the shaking man to his feet. Standing face to face, Cas lightly ran his palm down Dean’s cheek to his chin and lifted his face with just one soft finger until their eyes met.

Dean leaned into Cas’ touch. “You were the one thing I could count on, Cas. I never expected to feel this way, not about you, not about anyone really, but the truth is I do, and now I don’t know how to act, or think, or what to do and frankly it scares the hell outta me.” 

Dean held his breath as Cas closed the last of the distance between them and brushed his lips against Dean’s in the lightest of kisses, a barely audible sigh escaping as he melted against him. Dean felt his body relax with sweet relief as he leaned in to return the kiss. His hands automatically found their way behind Cas’ head, feathering his fingers into Cas’ unruly hair.

“Cas,” Dean whispered, his body automatically reacting to the closeness he had denied himself for so long and that he so desperately needed. He gently brought his hands around, cradling Cas’ face in his palms and captured the angel’s warm, dry lips with his own yet again. This kiss was more urgent. His head was spinning and he realized his hands were shaking as his emotions caught up with the actions of his body. Cas’ hand moved around to the jut of Dean’s hip, tugging him closer by his belt loop.

“I never realized,” Cas murmured against Dean’s cheek, stubble grazing. “I wanted you. For so many years I got your attention the only way I knew how. Then we became friends and I needed you, needed this, but I didn’t know how to ask.”

Dean was flooded with feeling at Cas’ unexpected words. How he wished he known. Maybe that would have given him the strength he needed to do this then. Maybe it would have changed the way things were now.

“Shhhhhh,” Dean whispered, his breath warming Cas’ cheek. “We’re here now, and that’s all that matters.” 

With those words he kissed Cas again with months, years, of pent up emotion and need. His tongue parted Cas’ flushed lips and found heat and warmth inside.

Cas kissed back with just as much urgency, allowing Dean’s tongue to sweep across his tongue and teeth. His hands found the hem of Dean’s old t-shirt and slid underneath, finding toned muscles and soft flesh. Dean’s