drop from his face and regarded his brown eyes carefully. Usually there would be a hint of a joke by this point, if he were joking.


He shrugged. "I'll have some wicked scars once it's healed. Besides, that's our lives, right? Honestly, I worry more about you when you walk home."


You grinned and shook your head. Jax was probably your favorite member of the Seven, because he was a total sweetheart, despite your shared (illegal) occupation. "I wonder what you're doing in the pits if you worry about a girl walking home alone at night."


"I can't have a chivalrous streak?" he teased.


"Have you seen our line of work?" you replied incredulously.


"So? A pretty lady should always have an escort," Jax said with a wink and a hugely flirtatious grin. You smacked his arm lightly.


"It's a wonder you survive here." There was a cry from down one of the dark hallways and then the roar of the crowd. "Speaking of which… shouldn't you be working?"


Jax gave an over dramatic sigh and scratched at the bandage on his cheek. "You obviously wouldn't know since you don't normally come Thursdays, but I'm the host tonight."


You groaned. That was your least favorite thing to do: greet everyone who enters and direct them down one of three hallways: to drugs, to sex, or to battles. "I'm so sorry."


"No, no, it's alright," Jax said airily. "Where to?" he asked, bowing dramatically. "Battles, battles, or battles?"


Giving a snort of laughter, you crossed your arms. "I thought there were other choices?" you asked playfully.


Jax looked at you and grinned wide, exposing his perfectly white teeth. "Are you suggesting we get a room?"


Bubba, who had been silent through the exchange, kicked Jax hard in the shin.


"Ouch! Cool it, little guy. I'm teasing her."


Bubba growled all the same, and you thought it better to continue on your way into the battling portion of the warehouse, which was by far the largest section.


As you walked down the hallway, the chatter of the crowd grew louder. There were more cheers and you heard a trainer's whistle blow. The trainer was booed away as you came to the closed door. Sighing, you recalled Bubba to his pokéball before pushing the heavy metal door to the side.

Okay, so... no Volkner this chapter. I'm sorry! But hopefully the Pits intrigue you enough to continue reading~ :3 Which brings me to the next point... the Pits are a bit complex. So it'll take a couple chapters to explain them. This one should clarify quite a bit!

Thank you dark_wing19 for being my beta, again! So without further delay, here's chapter two!

The smells of sweat, blood, and cigarette smoke assailed your nose as the door swung wide. The cacophony of voices, cheers, and jeers doubled in volume as you entered the adjoining warehouse. Your shoes clicked on the sheet metal platform as you shouldered your way through the crowded walkways. You'd always entered from the back entrance when you were working, so the throng of people was an obstacle you'd never faced before. Shoved to the center of the platform by the crowd, you quickly realized that it was less dense than the edges.


Of course, this made perfect sense to you with the way the room was set up. "The Pits" was a very literal name for this warehouse. The elevated sheet metal platform had nine battling arenas at ground level, six feet below the platform. These formed a three by three grid, separated by the eight foot wide steel railed walkways.


The only difficulty in walking towards the center of the pathways was that for maneuverability, you sacrificed the ability to actually see who occupied each pit. From prior knowledge, you knew that the four corner pits and the center one housed members of the Seven. However, which member was in which pit was anyone's guess. Nobody ever had the same pit two nights in a row, and half the time there was no set pattern to the rotation.


You squeezed your way to the front railing of the corner pit you were nearest to. Disappointment fluttered in your stomach as you saw that two girls occupied this pit: a woman in her mid twenties by the name of Janine (a member of the Seven), and her challenger.


Stuck against the rails now that you'd wormed your way to the front, you watched as Janine's mightyena sprinted at the opposition. The little rattata squeaked in terror and tried to flee, but was caught in powerful jaws.


"Finish it with a crunch!" Janine commanded. The large black dog pokémon crunched down hard. The rattata let out a high pitched cry of pain and went limp. The trainer blew her forfeit whistle, but the mightyena ignored it. Blood dripped from its mouth as