.

            "Santa!" you whispered excitedly.

            The man's eyes snapped to you. It had been completely quiet, and your voice carried.

            "Who is there?" he asked with a heavy accent.

            "Me!" you crawled out from under the tree, your big dog following you.

            "(Name)?" he asked, and laughed heartily. "Very clever. Now to bed."

            "But Santa..." you whined, "I want you to give this to Jack!" you held up a lumpy, poorly wrapped package. You had done your best considering you'd done it in secret.

            "Jack?"

            "Jack Frost! He knows you!" you said.

            "Jack Frost?" he chuckled. "The Jack Frost?"

            "Yeah!" you grinned.

            "He said he was going to be at the North Pole today! Can you give this to him?"

            "North Pole?" Santa asked. He added something under his breath. He took the gift. "I will give it to Jack," he told you. "Now, to bed!" He ushered you from the room before leaving presents and going up the chimney once more.

 

            A tap on your window two days later woke you early in the morning. Jack, gray eyes, disheveled white hair, and all, was crouched on the roof smiling though your window at you. The green scarf that you'd made for him wrapped tightly around his neck.

            You got up, waking Rex from his sleep. The dog stayed on the foot of your bed as you opened the window and Jack hopped inside.

            "I love it!" he told you, grinning.

            "Really?" you asked.

            "Yes! It's wonderful!" he told you, crouching down to be level with you. Proudly, you noted that he didn't crouch nearly so much as he had when you'd first met. You were getting taller!

            "And I wanted to give you a Christmas present, too."

            "Really?"

            Jack nodded, held his hand up to his mouth and blew. An ice rose formed in his hand, and he handed it to you. "Merry Christmas (Name)!"

            You looked at it in wonder, turning the frozen thing in your hands. It was already melting, but it was still beautiful.

            "Now, what are we going to play today?" he asked, grinning.

Baking Goodies - 13 years old

            Your mom was letting you make the sugar cookies this year. You felt so proud of yourself. You were finally old enough to be trusted in the kitchen. It was about time. You were thirteen after all. You were a teenager now! Not a baby.

            "I need three batches, sweetheart," your mom said, kissing your forehead.

            "Mom!"

            "I can't kiss my baby?" she asked.

            "I'm not a baby!" you protested, crossing your arms and frowning at her.

            She only smiled knowingly.

            "Alright. Well, I'll be back after I run some errands. You and I can frost them if you're not done."

            You ignored her in favor of pulling out ingredients. As you worked, you noticed that the kitchen window over the sink was frosted over. You could see the hand as it drew a picture of two stick figures flying over trees. Afterwards, it wrote a question mark. Snowy hair, gray eyes, and then that grin that meant trouble appeared in the window, along with the long crooked stick.

            Shaking your head, you went over and opened the sliding glass door.

            "Why not?!"

            "I'm making cookies!"

            Jack looked into the kitchen, which was a horrible mess. It looked like he'd already been in there; white powder covered almost every surface possible, including the thirteen year old in front of him. He wiped a smudge of flour off of your cheek and grinned.

            "Can I help?"

            "What do you know about baking, Jack?" you asked in disbelief, putting your hands on your hips. If not for the flour, you would have been very sassy looking.

            "I'll show you," he grinned and walked past you into the kitchen. He opened the fridge with his staff and balanced a carton of eggs on it and set it down on the counter. He then closed the fridge, cracked the eggs, and threw the eggshells at you before ducking.

            "Hey!" you squealed, running around the counter to try and catch the teenager of myth. He simply chuckled and jumped over the counter in one fluid motion, effectively evading you. However, the handful of flour you threw at him landed dead center on the front of his hoodie, making it look even more frosted than it already was.

            "Oh, this means war," Jack said, making a snowball and chucking it at you. He missed, and the snow exploded against a cabinet door. You threw more flour at him as you ducked below the counter.

            This duck and throw game went one for an hour. When you were done, pools of water and flour littered the kitchen. Rex,