rest of his sparse belongings were rolled up in a bundle of a few thin blankets.

He hadn't been able to take much with him when he finally found an opportunity to leave for home, not wanting to be weighed down by carrying more than the bare minimum of what he'd need for his journey.

Tyler mounted the gentle, grey mare once more, reassured that he'd be able to properly fill his belly that night and the day after. Not that he had been starving; his long experience with hunting saw to it that he would have something to eat every day. But the large bird would be a nice change from the bunnies and squirrels that he had been getting by on for most of the way there.

The narrow yet well-worn road they travelled wove its way past the dense growth of the seemingly ancient trees that surrounded them. The sun's rays trickled down through branches that rose high above them, gently swaying in a breeze that went unnoticed by creatures that kept to the ground. Tyler drew a deep breath, the sweet, dewy smell of pine and spruce comforting him as he urged Roisin into a walk. He was just inside the borders of his homeland, having entered the vast forests that covered the outer eastern regions just that morning.

This was his home. This was where he belonged, and he hadn't felt its absence stronger before than he did now upon returning. Rocked slowly from side to side with every step his horse took, Tyler allowed his mind to wander as his eyes went unfocused, looking back at memories of past events rather than the path before them.

It had been nearly four years since he had left these lands, lead by a man of great honor and a gentle soul. Sir Andrew had been a formidable guide for a youngster like Tyler, instilling in him a strong sense of morals at what was a pivotal time in every young man's life. He'd seen to it that Tyler not only knew how to be an adult that could take care of himself; he'd also taught him to be helpful to others and always offer his assistance to those who needed it. Bravery, chivalry, kindness, and selflessness – every step of Tyler's tutelage was steeped with qualities expected of a knight.

But with the code that a knight must live by, came an irrevocable commitment to the crown, lest the knight in question wanted to be without house and title, if not even prosecuted. And so it was that Sir Andrew had no choice but to follow the instructions of his king as they came by missive to the foreign court in which he's been set to serve.

The original mission was for Sir Andrew to act as a neutral party in negotiations between the ally he served and one of their neighboring countries, which had long been at odds with each other. It had all gone fairly well, with treaties being negotiated and slowly drafted under peaceful circumstances. But several months later, when matters turned suddenly heated, Sir Andrew had stepped back to await word from King Shaun on how to proceed. After all, he didn't want to risk involving his own country in a conflict that had little to do with them.

Tension rose between the two rivaling sides as weeks turned to months, and just on the brink of seeing the beginnings of physical altercations, word had finally arrived: Sir Andrew was to aid his acting commander and carry out whatever duties was bestowed upon him as a token of King Shaun's good will. And so was his squire.

Tyler closed his eyes for a moment, distractedly letting his fingers dance over the little pin hidden underneath his collar - the only thing he had left that carried any value - as visions of terror stole across his mind. Visions he'd rather forget yet knew that he would carry with him for as long as he lived.

Behind his closed eyelids lay a misty field soaked in blood and littered with mutilated bodies, now eerily silent when lacking the cries that had blanketed the grounds earlier. And there, just a few paces ahead, he saw it: the red and yellow of Sir Andrew's crest, its colors dulled by stains of dirt and blood, and the heavy shield which it decorated still attached to a severed arm.

Tyler's eyes flew open and he gasped as if surfacing from being under water too long. Fighting to regain his breath, his wide gaze swiftly took stock of his surroundings. Roisin was still walking steadily along, unaware of her master's distress. Closing his eyes in gratitude that he wasn't somehow back and reliving the horrors that filled his nightmares, Tyler let the rhythmic, calming pace of Roisin's breathing help him slowly regulate his.

Once more calm, Tyler became aware of his hand still gripping the fine silver pin so tightly that its edges were digging painfully into the pads of his fingers. Sighing softly, he uncurled his fist and glanced down at the reddened indentations in his skin.

It wouldn't do him any good to keep lingering on what had been. It was all in the past and there was nothing that he