'd done wrong and how he could fix it. He needed to fix it.

"That's the thing, though," Troye said and turned back to stare at Tyler again, a look of doubt on his face. "When have we ever really talked?"

"Then let's talk. I'm here and I want to know what I did to mess up and what I can do to make it better," Tyler scooted closer and placed his hand on top of Troye's where it rested in his lap, hoping the touch wasn't too invasive now that they were balancing on the edge of a truce.

"I've thought about what you said last night," he continued, close to a whisper. "I want to get to know you, Troye. Will you please let me?"

Troye's eyes flickered over Tyler's face, like he was studying every minute detail of his expression and trying to gauge the sincerity of his words. He settled eventually on Tyler's eyes, gazing back at him for what felt like minutes, seeming to reach a conclusion when he drew a deep breath and opened his mouth to speak.

"I understand how it would be easy for someone on the outside to think that I could, and should, just pick up where I left off trying to start a career with joy and excitement," Troye began before turning away to stare out over the park again.

"But what you don't know is how difficult that would be for me. I left my family, my friends, my entire life back home to come here, thousands of miles away, to live my dream. But I was rejected, time and time again. One guy at a record label even asked me what I'm doing here. And I couldn't answer him, because at that point, even I didn't know."

He shook his head, pausing for a moment, and Tyler squeezed his hand in reassurance. "So I gave up. It's the coward's way out, I know that, but then I guess I'm a coward. Crawling back to my parents now isn't an option, not after swearing to them that I'd make it, that I'd be alright. I have nothing to show for coming to L.A. but disappointment. Do you understand how that feels?" he asked as he shifted his gaze back to Tyler. "How humiliating it is to have to swallow the bitter fact that every minute, every ounce of effort you spent on trying to fulfill your dream was all in vain? That it wasn't for lack of trying but because you're not good enough?"

Tyler swallowed around the lump that had formed in his throat; the words pouring out of Troye's mouth making him feel naive and foolish for not making the connection sooner.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't realize," he murmured pathetically.

"It's okay... None of that is your fault anyway." Troye's lips twitched in a brief, acknowledging smile. "You know, I wasn't even that upset about the singing thing yesterday. It had more to do with you arranging it without my knowledge, without knowing if I'd be okay with it."

Tyler was well aware that Troye was leaving out the part where it bothered him that they didn't know each other, other than in the physical sense. Troye was probably aware of it too - he might even be doing it on purpose - but Tyler wasn't about to force him to talk about it if he didn't want to.

His position on the matter was implied in his words anyway – Troye wanted Tyler to learn more about him; his likes and dislikes, his way of reasoning, what he'd been through. And Tyler realized that he wanted Troye to know those things about him too.

"And I know that now, but I'm still sorry. It was stupid of me and it won't happen again," Tyler insisted, making sure his tone showed that he really meant it. "It really scared me to think that I'd hurt you."

Troye gave him a rueful smile and ducked his head a bit to look at Tyler through his lashes. "Okay, now you're making me feel bad." He turned his hand palm up under Tyler's and gave it a short squeeze. Tyler's heart thumped on a double-beat. "I guess it was a nice thought, just... please don't presume things again, okay?"

Relief flooded Tyler's body like the soothing sensation of a cooling balm on a sunburn. It was going to be alright; Troye was accepting his apology and Tyler was back in his good graces. He felt the grin spread on his face before he could think of reining it in.

"I won't. But just so you know; you're so much more than 'good enough'," Tyler replied, letting his smile soften as he laced his