once more. "Watch your step in the future, for god's sake!"

"Yes, ma'am." Troye quickly averting his eyes to the mask he was still holding in his hands, feeling his cheeks fill with the heat of embarrassment at having messed up in front of everyone. It was a small comfort that Tyler had gotten chewed out as well, when all Troye wanted was to do a good job. In fact it wasn't very comforting at all, knowing that the others were laughing at him.

Being able to swallow his pride was something he'd have to work on if he were to ever stand a chance in this environment, especially as a new recruit, but that didn't mean it was an easy thing to do. Walking off toward the station, Troye kept his head down as he unbuttoned the collar of his jacket and took off his helmet. Behind him, Mamrie called the end of the exercise, handing out orders to put out the fire and clear up the area. Troye wished she wouldn't; the others could still continue practicing without him, and Tyler would probably be better off with a more experienced partner anyway. They all would.

"Hey, Troye! Wait up!" Hannah's voice called out behind him. Troye shrugged it off, however, wanting to have a moment just to sulk on his own, and didn't stop to wait for her. Hannah reached him just when he stepped inside the side entrance and into the large repair room they'd walked out through earlier, her hand on his arm pulling him to a halt.

"Are you okay?" she asked and stepped around Troye to face him with concern in her eyes.

"Yeah, I'll be fine," Troye shrugged. "I just wanted to do well, you know?"

"You did! It's not your fault that the equipment failed in a way you couldn't have prepared for," Hannah argued. "If anyone didn't do well, it was Tyler for being unprofessional. I'm glad he got taken down a peg or two. He needs it, just like we talked about earlier."

As if the mere mention of the man conjured him into being, Tyler appeared in the doorway behind them, helmet under his arm and slightly sweaty hair as much of a mess as Troye's own probably was. Troye and Hannah looked up when Tyler paused upon seeing them. Clearing her throat discreetly, Hannah looked away while Troye held Tyler's silent stare, refusing to back down even for a second. It didn't bother him at all if Tyler knew they'd been talking about him. Actually, with the way Tyler kept brushing him off, it was all Troye could do not to start an argument right there.

Neither of them made any move to speak though, and just a few moments later Tyler brushed past them without a word passing between them. 'All the better,' Troye reasoned silently.

It wasn't really like him to get riled up this easily. Troye was actually a pretty levelheaded person in other aspects of his life, not counting the things that got him excited in a good way, of course, like his career, or music. Either way, Troye had never been one to go looking for a fight and very rarely got agitated enough to be bothered about people who did.

That's why his indignation at Tyler's behavior irritated him. Because having someone rub him the wrong way seemed like such an easy thing to ignore if he just tried, especially since said rubbing seemed more or less calculated to inspire just that reaction – indignant anger.

Well, if Tyler wanted someone to fight, he'd have to look elsewhere, because Troye wouldn't take the bait. Not only would it be stupid considering his rookie status on the shift; he'd rather leave the immature bickering to someone else.

"We've all been new at this," Hannah spoke a bit quieter as soon as Tyler had disappeared around the corner into the hallway on the other side of the room. She was giving him that same sympathetic smile again, and Troye wondered if he might have to get used to it with the way things were going. "Nobody's perfect from day one. You've gone through the training; the rest is down to experience, and there's only one way to get that..." she trailed off and tilted her head expectantly.

"By practice," Troye smiled back, trying to lift his own mood at least for Hannah's sake.

"That's right," Hannah nodded and, hearing the voices of the others draw nearer to the open door, she looked past Troye at the rest of the team and added, "Just show them that you're willing to learn and you'll be just fine."

Later that night, Troye sat next to Hannah on the big couch in the lounge, listening more than participating in the easy conversations going on around him. The TV was on in the background and a few of the guys surrounded the