place, but decided against it. What if he didn't want to hold hands out in public? We had only just shared a kiss. This didn't mean we were dating or anything, did it? Maybe it was better if I let it up to him to decide if he wanted to hold my hand or not. Yeah, that was way better.

Only he didn't take my hand again, he didn't even look at me. Tyler threw his arm around Edward and led him to the restaurant, engaging him in a whispered conversation. I didn't know why, but it made me feel uneasy and uncertain. I grabbed my pack tighter and stalked after them.

I felt her hand on the small of my back before I heard her voice. "So, wow," Lauren said as she came up beside me, "you and Edward finally kissed, eh?" I opened my mouth to respond, but she clearly didn't need an answer. "I think it's really cool," she went on without taking a pause to breathe. "I knew it wouldn't take long for him to just cut to the chase and do something. I mean, God, Jasper, you just kept ignoring the guy's advances like you didn't even know he was making them!"

Wait, what? Advances? Edward had made advances? I shook my head in surprise, trying to clear it and think back to see if I had missed anything. I really didn't think I had, and I was about to comment on that when Jessica threw her arm around Lauren, chatting loudly about Tyler and how she thought Lauren and he were perfect for each other.

I quietly followed them inside and sat down in one of the booths. Edward had sat down with Mike, Tyler and Ben. I could have probably pulled up a chair to sit with them, but I didn't want to be clingy or anything. Instead, I shared a table with the coach and the girls. They really tried to pull me into their conversation, but my mind was elsewhere. I was confused, to be honest. What made Edward kiss me in the first place? Did he like me the way I liked him? That didn't seem very probable; he was perfect in every way. He looked good, he was talented, he was popular and could have anyone, to be honest. Me, well, I won't spend too many words on me. I was plain, boring and socially awkward. There was no reason at all for him to like me. And yet he kissed you.

I picked apart my slice of pizza and moved the pieces around on my plate while trying to steal looks at him from the corner of my eye. He was sitting with his back to me, but every once in a while, he would turn his head and look at me. This made me return my gaze to my plate or the girls right away. I didn't want him to think that I was drooling over him; though, of course, I was.

When everyone was about finished, Mike came up to the table and invited us to a party at his place, to celebrate our team's victory. The girls all excitedly said yes, and he turned to me. I eyed Edward, who was looking at me with a hopeful smile on his face. I opened my mouth to accept, but as soon as I sucked in the air needed to talk, the breath turned into a yawn. I was tired as hell from today's physical exertion.

"I'm sorry, Mike. As much as I would love to, I think it would be best if I went home and had a decent night's sleep," I answered.

He slapped my back and grinned. "No problem, man. Shame though, I think Edward will be very disappointed," he said and got back to their table.

Deciding this would be a good time to leave, I stood up and said my goodbyes to the girls and the coach. I waved at the rest of the team and called out my goodbyes. Edward shot up from his seat and rushed to my side as I picked up my pack and made my way to the exit.

"Hey," he called, "Wait up!"

I paused, and turned to face him. There was a hurt expression on his face, and I wondered if I had put it there. He answered my unspoken question with one of his own. "You're leaving without even saying goodbye?" he asked, and his gaze dropped to the floor, his lips forming the most adorable pout I had ever seen in my life.

"I, uhm," I started, insecurity flooding through my veins. "Sorry, I didn't know if you wanted me to come and say goodbye."

His head shot up and he looked me straight in my eyes as his left eyebrow raised slightly. "You didn't know if I wanted you to say goodbye to me?" he asked