Jess, I just dropped my phone. You know, I really couldn't, Jasper is my best friend. I know you guys aren't really dating and all, but it doesn't feel right." It wouldn't feel right if you weren't screwing my best friend actually, it would never feel right, you being a girl and all.

"Oh, aren't you a good friend. It's just that, Jasper and I really have nothing going on between us." She was quiet for a second. "But you're right, he will NOT like me and you together. Well, a girl could try. Have a great evening, babe. Call me should you change your mind!"

I put my phone back into my pocket and took a plate of pasta.

I wished I could go and do something with Jazz tonight, but Thursdays he had to work. He worked at some death metal bar till the early morning. No, tonight I would spend another pathetic lonely night with Troy and Harley.


Friday


I'm so fucked! I thought as I ran through the halls of the university. Class started 5 minutes ago and Mr. Deacon never let anyone in after the doors closed. My phone buzzed as I neared the corner that led to the lecture hall, and I checked the caller ID when I sped around the corner. As I ran into a firm body, my phone spun out of my hand and hit the far wall with a loud bang. The collision threw me back and I landed on my ass.

I looked up and opened my mouth to apologize, but stared right into Jasper's eyes. "Fuck Seth, you in a hurry?" he grinned at me widely. Fucking dimples! "You weren't here yet and I wasn't spending 2 hours in class without you, I'd be bored to death in the first 10 minutes. Why didn't you pick up the phone?"

"Well, let me think; I ran into you while trying and I think I killed it." I said dryly. We both glanced at the pieces of plastic that were once my phone. "Fuck! I can't afford a new fucking phone!"

"Don't you worry that pretty little head of yours!" Jasper said. "I'll get you a new one!"

"Jazz, you can't buy me a phone, it's not like you have much more money than I do," I told him.

"Let me worry about my financial state. That isn't your job, is it?" he challenged me, with a weird look on his face. I didn't get it; lately he was throwing money around like a fucking pimp! Where did he get it? Was he doing something criminal? Gambling? "Let's go, we'll pick you up some tech on our way to my apartment."

.

That night I sat at the kitchen table with my new phone in my hand. Jasper had insisted on getting me a brand new Iphone and spent the rest of the day filling the 64 gigabytes with music, silly games and other applications. It felt wrong, so wrong. I didn't know how he had the money, but I wasn't sure he got it legally.

I hadn't said anything, because I didn't want him to be angry at me. But I had been sitting at this table since he dropped me off at my place over an hour ago. I didn't care that I had next to no money. I'd work 60 hours a week over the summer if I had to; I would pay Jasper back the money for the phone and the clothes.

"Hey Seth, I'm off?" I looked up to see Edward standing in the hall with a suitcase in hand and his laptop bag flung over his shoulder. I looked at him questioningly. Edward barely left the house, only to get a new game card.

"Seriously, Seth, I wonder where your mind lives sometimes. I have a LAN party this weekend, I won't be back till Monday!" he said. I didn't even know what a LAN party was - something nerdy no question.

"Erm, bye!" I called as he walked out the door.

I was alone, on a Friday night, with nothing to do. I guess I'll get myself a date with Troy and Harley then. I thought and went to get my laptop. Since Edward wasn't going to be back the rest of the weekend, I put the laptop on the coffee table and settled down naked on our leather couch.

When I opened the website, I smiled. A new video by Troy and Harley had been uploaded. I clicked the link and sat back. The men were wearing the same masks but this video was shot in some sort of warehouse. It didn't take long for them to get naked and Troy got to his knees to suck Harley. I watched as the perfectly straight long