When we're done, bleeding Hugo Masters out over the floor drain like wild game, she's still flushed, lips parted just a little.

Slowly, she reaches out. I let her, curious to see what mechanisms drive this new quantity.

Her nails are seafoam green, chipped from working the hammer. She presses her fingertips to my lips. A caress- no a brush, as she draws back, her fingers red. Some of the blood splatter wiped away.

Madison raises fingers to mouth and paints her lips red, seafoam nails dripping and crimson.

A shuddering, breathy little noise from her, eyes half-shut, teeth worrying bloody lip. The tremor that shakes her petite frame is… familiar. The trembling joy- the sheer rush- the power trip. These things, I know.

For the first time since meeting her, I feel at ease.

XXX

We walk home together. It's been a while since I last had a sleepover. Madison is quiet most of the way; the silence is comfortable.

It's only as we're entering the final stretch that she pastes herself to my side, arm knitting into mine. A soft, contented sigh.

She's not quite Emma, but there's nothing wrong with that. The differences, the tuneless humming that she starts up as we walk, the slight boniness of her shoulder in my ribs. These things are present, and I accept them.

There is something different in the hunger inside me as I watch Madison's giddy, almost loopy smile. She is not Emma, nor Sophia, but she is broken all the same.

And the hunger in her is all the connection we need.

XXX

Sophia is the first and last. I've shared my darkness with her the longest, but she is bound, a collared tiger under the Protectorate.

Our first kill together was special. By far the most planning for one execution. A bit clumsy in retrospect, some kinks that'd be worked out in the future. She doesn't take part, waiting outside while I work. But she listens, and it couldn't have happened without her aid.

I know she's killed before. But I also know that none of those were deliberate. Missteps. Clumsier by far than my first kill. Errors in judgment- a crossbow wound that bled out. A man dangled and then dropped on accident. Others, never concealed for too long.

She was young and dumb, and I'd like to think I have better judgment, but Jamie Masters proves me wrong. Sophia at least has the advantage of being a cape. A get-out-of-jail card in the Protectorate.

In the weeks after, I continue my predations. She assists as she can, a name here, a tip there, but under watch there is only so much she can do. Emma and Madison are with me, participating a little more each time.

I begin to worry. Not the usual paranoia or suspicion. Concern that Sophia, who facilitated my first, our first, has begun to drift away.

And so I call her.

XXX

Sophia picks the target.

We meet, clandestine, lugging him into a building I scouted the week before. She phases through the door, unlocks it, and we're in.

It's only as I begin tying him to the chair that she glances around.

"Where's the other two?"

I look over my shoulder and give her a carefully practiced 'friend' smile. "It's just us tonight."

I even light some candles to set the mood.

XXX

His name is Kevin Reiners- though he won't divulge that until I work on his face with the same little propane torch I used to light the candles. Judging by the elaborate tattoos on his body, he's spent quite a bit of time with E88. I take my time melting them away, and when that grows tiring, try my hand at the cheese grater.

I don't know what he's done to earn her ire, but Sophia stays, silent, dark, watchful, a presence at the back of the room.

Round One ends with him screaming himself hoarse. I step back to take a breather and work the stiffness out of my hands.

Our eyes meet.

Her eyebrow rises.

I look pointedly at Kevin Reiners.

She stares between us for a long moment. And then she walks out of the room.

I find myself sighing, a little disappointed, and I'm having trouble working up much excitement for Round Two.

The door opens again.

Sophia pads in. She has a jug of the bleach I use for cleanup.

Oh hoh. The flare of hunger, of curious wonder is enough that I set down my knife entirely.

I move aside.

This is her show now. Her first real, true kill.

I expect her to dump it down his throat. Not in the eyes or his wounds or any of that. My gut says she's too pragmatic to waste time when there could