. Language, and math were so boring.

Robin sighed. She had learned that the best way to bribe Luffy was with food, preferably meat “Luffy, we can go to the any restaurant you want, my treat, if you finish the assignments flawlessly”

Luffy’s eyes lit up and he started to salivate. He quickly started on his assignments, which would probably take a while since he would make sure everything was perfect, after all there was food on the line.

Robin been helping Luffy for the last two years. She assumed that he had to do well in school since he was being forced to go. Luffy was probably her best way off this island safely, not to mention she had grown fond of him and his friends. Considering that she was about ten years older than all of them, they had accepted her as their friend almost immediately. Everyone seemed to have a bit of admiration for Luffy, although she wasn’t sure if it was his personality or something he had done for them.

After about two hours Luffy had finished all of his work. Robin had mostly read the entire time, but Luffy asked for her help every once and awhile.

“Okay, well it looks like everything's good. Do you want to go to the same place” Robin asked.

Luffy shook his head “There’s a new place, can we go there?”

“Sure, it’s on the other side of town isn’t it?”

Luffy nodded. The place was apparently supposed to be pretty good, and it was relatively cheap. Robin smiled a bit. Luffy could eat her into debt, but she got paid enough to pay for the apartment, and to buy her own food, and save a bit. She, however, could only treat him like this once maybe twice a month.

⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭

Zoro sat down at the dojo. He always went back when he had nothing to do so he could train, and help out his sensei if his sensei needed it. Since Kuina had died, Zoro was by far the best swordsman. Zoro’s brute strength and speed exceeded everyone’s, but Koshiro’s technique was still far better.

Due to Zoro’s status at the dojo, he was often challenged. At the moment he was fighting with one sword against a thirteen year old. To everyone watching it was almost sad how easy it was for Zoro. Eventually Zoro knocked the bamboo sword down to the side and tapped the kid on the head with his own sword.

The kid threw his sword on the ground in frustration. Zoro smacked him over the side of the head with his own bamboo sword “Don’t treat your sword like” he told the kid seriously. The kid nodded quickly, picking up his sword and going off to practice again.

Nami walked into the dojo and sighed “Come on Zoro, he just a kid”

“No swordsman should treat his sword like that, and shut up or I won’t help you” Zoro replied slightly annoyed, though he remembered his own experiences. The only reason she ever came to the dojo was because she screwed up when trying to steal something.

This was an easy way for Zoro to get out of debt from her. She was the only one of any of them that always had money, not to hard to figure out why, and he always borrowed from her. She also happened to charge insane amounts of interest because she was a terrible person. It ended up being a bit of a game to see who could make the other person build up more debt. It was common courtesy that they didn’t change their rates.

⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭

Luffy currently was sleeping with his head on Robin’s lap on the park bench where they had met. She was walking him home and he said he was tired, so he pulled her over to the bench and fell asleep.

Robin sighed as she ran her hand through Luffy’s hair. She had been accepted into Luffy’s group almost immediately. She actually, for the first time in a long time, felt bad that she was keeping her past a secret from someone.

“Luffy come on let’s go, it’s getting late” Robin said, lightly shaking him awake.

“But I’m tired, it’s too far” he complained.

“Come on, let’s go back to my place then”

“Fine, I guess that’s not too bad” Luffy said with a small groan.

As Robin walked Luffy to her house, they got a few smiles from some older couples. Robin was pretty sure that they thought her and Luffy were a couple. She actually didn’t mind. It was the first time that she had really started to feel like a normal person. Of course she knew what she was doing wasn’t normal, and it was generally frowned upon, but regardless, no one looking at them knew who they were or what their relationship was.

The most she thought about her alternate escape routes the more guilty she felt about thinking about them. Truth be told she adored