“Oh you think I’m pretty” Robin asked, trying to embarrass him or cause him to become flustered. Luffy nodded quickly and grabbed her by her sleeve and dragged her towards the kitchen.



As they entered the kitchen Robin found herself surprised. She knew she was pretty, and she could generally use that to her advantage against men. Luffy on the other hand seemed to hold no such thoughts like that towards her though.



“Cook-san can you make me some food” Robin asked.



Sanji’s eyes popped out and turned into hearts “I’LL DO ANYTHING FOR YOU ROBIN-CHWAN” Sanji yelled as he quickly started cooking food.



“That looks good cook-san, but can you make some bigger as well” Robin asked. Sanji didn’t even respond as he started to prepare something else as well. Robin thanked Sanji and left with the food.



Luffy who had quickly been pushed out of the kitchen and lectured on how it was rude to drag a women, let his tongue hang out as soon as he saw the food. “Ah, thank you Robin” he said quickly “you’re going to be a great member of the crew” he added happily eating away at the food.
“You should eat, Sanji’s a really good cook” Luffy said holding Robin’s plate up to her face. Robin giggled as she took the plate, she had a feeling she was going to like being part of the Going Merry’s crew. This thought caused her to frown a bit.


A/N: I didn’t wanna try to write about Luffy and Lucci’s battle because it would take too much work and I’m skipping past the Going Merry’s funeral, so a day or two after they get on the Sunny and set sail.


Robin found herself drifting towards Luffy, since they had gotten on the sunny. She held no misconceptions of why she found herself drawn to Luffy. He had saved her, and made her want to live, not to mention his personality.



Luffy on the other hand was still slightly upset that Robin had been taken from him, even if it was her choice and he got her back. He felt himself start to get slightly paranoid, which was totally unlike him and he didn’t particularly like it. Walking towards Robin, Luffy thought about what he was going to do. After all it would be weird if he just went over and stared at her.



Robin looked over and saw Luffy walking towards her. As he Luffy came within arms reach of her she felt something form over her wrist. “LUFFY” Nami yelled storming over to them. “Why are you handcuffing Robin” she asked angrily. Luffy looked down at Robin’s wrist and saw that it was cuffed to his own.



Luffy looked at Nami and shrugged. Seeing Nami fuming, Robin started to giggle “It’s okay Nami, it just means he’s worried about me” she told Nami.



“Yeah, this is just to make sure that she doesn’t get taken away, cause then they have to fight me” Luffy added.



Nami stared at Luffy for a few seconds before coming to a realization “You didn’t even know what you were doing did you” she asked raising her hand to her forehead. Luffy shook his head drawing a giggle from Robin and a sigh from Nami.



“Don’t worry, if it starts to bother me I’ll tell him to take it off” Robin said with a smile.



Nami eventually walked away after Robin assured her that she didn’t mind being handcuffed to her captain. Robin smiled to herself, she really didn’t mind all that much. In fact the more she thought about it, the safer she felt. Being connected to Luffy like this actually brought her a large degree of comfort. As long as she was connected to him, he would never let anything happen to her.



As accepting as Nami was of Luffy handcuffing Robin to himself, Robin knew it would be a little weird explaining it to the rest of the crew... and what was Luffy planning once they had to go to bed.



“Come on Luffy, why don’t we go get some food” Robin suggested. It was about lunch time and everyone had disappeared so she assumed Sanji had at least started cooking and everyone was just waiting in the kitchen. Luffy paused, which Robin found odd seeing as they were talking about food.



“What are we supposed to do at night” Luffy asked. Robin gave him an odd glance, it wasn’t like him to think about these things ahead of time. “I don’t wanna drag you around while I’m trying to get food at night” he told her. Robin giggled, she should of seen that coming



 “What about sleeping arrangements” Robin asked. Luffy stared at her with a blank look on his. “Where are you going to sleep and where am I going to sleep” Robin clarified.



“In bed” came the simple reply. Robin raised an eyebrow and tapped the