hearing a small click from under the drivers seat, Alibaba got up and opened to the top. “You ok, you were in there for quite a while, and I know it can get uncomfortable”



Morgiana nodded. The seat the she was hiding in was locked from the inside. The only way to open it was to unlock it from the bottom, and then unlock the top.



“Why are you helping me so much” Morgiana asked as she took the apple that Alibaba offered her.



“Well, it’s not like I’m doing this for free. I expect to get something from you” he told her. Morgiana’s eyes shifted down a bit. She thought as much. People rarely helped others for free, and that was doubly so when it came to slaves. “I need a traveling companion. If you wanna go anywhere just say so, I haven’t actually decided where I want to go yet” Alibaba told her happily.



Morgiana gaped a bit. She hadn’t met anyone like that. Someone who could look past the fact that she was a slave and try to help her. After a few minutes, Alibaba sighed “Look, this happened a few months ago I probably wouldn’t have helped you. I’m just not in a great place with some of the higher ups of the city. If I was, I’d probably be to worried about myself to help you. I guess when I helped that little girl and her mother, it also made me grow a conscience”



Morgiana tilted her head. She vaguely recalled something about what he said. “Wait, did you kick down a bunch of barrels of wine to get the girl back from a man-eating flower?”



Alibaba looked at her a bit surprised “Yeah how did you know?”



“The fat man serves my mast... former master. He said something about a ‘blathering blonde idiot’ that hit him and wasted all of his wine ‘on a little runt’” Morgiana said, using air quotes. “My ma-former master took his frustration out on me after that” she said smiling.



“I feel terrible. Why are you smiling about that?”



“I was planning on running away at some point, but I lashed out when my former master was beating me and so I escaped then. You inadvertently caused my master to beat me that day, which made me run away onto this road the same day as you. If you hadn’t been here I probably would have been caught by those men”



Alibaba smiled “I guess we’re both lucky then” he told her. Morgiana tilted her head. She was someone whom he given food and precious water, not to mention he’d have to lie to people about her since she used to be a slave. “Look, I’m not going to lie that you’re trouble” Alibaba told her. Morgiana looked away, feeling a bit guilty “But having a travel companion is nice and I’m not a very trusting person. I know you won’t screw me over because you’ll be endangering yourself by doing so”



“That isn’t a very good base for a relationship” Morgiana said softly.



“Maybe not, but this way we both benefit. I’ll take care of you, and you’ll provide companionship. Hopefully given time it will grow into good friendship and we will know that we can rely on one another” Alibaba told her happily.



Morgiana squinted, looking down the road “It looks like they’re coming back” she commented. Both of them stood up and Alibaba opened the lid “Make sure the seat locks” he told her. She replied with a nod and the lock clicked automatically when he put down the seat.



Morgiana was a bit split. She completely trusted Alibaba at this point. He was kind, he given her resources that were quite precious in the desert, and had helped her hide from the men. She did, however, feel a bit sad that he didn’t trust her, although he had no reason to.



Alibaba sighed as the men came into view. They were the same men that had passed him earlier. As the men reached his position, they slowed down.



“I guess you didn’t find her?” Alibaba asked smiling and scratching the back of his head. Normally he wouldn’t have talked to them, but they had already pulled up next to his cart.



The leader sighed “Nope. We don’t have the resources to go out any further. Didn’t think that someone would be able to get this far in the desert on foot. Even a fanalis” he explained. Noticing the glance that Alibaba was giving him, the leader sighed “I’m just not too keen on going back and telling Lord Jamil that I failed”



Alibaba gave an apologetic smile “Yes, I’m glad I’m not the one telling him. Although I do feel a bit bad for that slave. The leader raised an eyebrow. “Well either she