yawned a little loudly.  “Did you write back?”

“Not yet.”  Fingon sat up and drained his glass dry so that he could discard it for now on the floor.  Before he settled down again, he removed a clasp from his hair, which caused a mass of hair to cascade down.  He gathered it up and used the long, loose locks as extra cushion for his head against the arm of the sofa.  “I was not sure what you wanted me to say.”

Beleg yawned again, but was determined not to drift off to sleep.  Not with a warm mug of cider and a question that had been burning in his mind suddenly open for debate.  “What were you thinking of telling her?”

Fingon folded his hands and looked at the ceiling.  “What would you say?”

“Well…”  Beleg abandoned his drink on the side table and reached for Fingon’s feet with his nearest hand.  As he massaged tired toes, he said, “I would begin with, Dear Lady Anairë, You do not know me but I am the man who is living with your son.”

“The man who is living with me.”  Fingon blew a puff of air from between his lips.  “Accurate,” he commended.

“I suppose you should confirm my title, though,” prodded Beleg.  “Just to make it easier on your mother.”

Fingon began to play with the cording of his shirt, and in time they loosened so that it was slightly open.  “I fear we could keep each other at this all night.”

“Doubtful.  I am going to fall asleep right on this couch, within the hour.”

The terrier dragged his toy back to his two-legged companions (he often felt sorry that they lacked half their legs, because it meant they could not romp like he did) and flopped beside the sofa for a nap.  “Out of morbid curiosity, what did you call Túrin?”

Beleg snorted.  “Túrin,” he answered flatly.

“Ah.”

“What did you call Maedhros?” asked Beleg.

“Maitimo, Russandol.  Also lover, dear, and darling, until it became asshole, fucker, and son-of-a-bitch.”

Beleg rubbed his beard.  “I think those last two might be a little harsh, but if you go for calling me asshole, maybe you should explain to your mother it is a private endearment before you tell her the word.”

Fingon pulled himself up a bit, and Beleg let go of his feet.  “I would never call you that.”

“Good.  In fact, I think I hate them all, especially Russandol.”

“That makes two of us,” replied Fingon.  He rubbed his eyes.  “Man I am living with is the winning option thus far.”

“Perhaps we can start a new trend with it.”  Beleg closed his eyes.  “You want me to stop skirting the issue and be honest?”

“Please.  I mean…”  Fingon made the same little puff of air noise as he had earlier.  “I am lost for the word.  Titles have meanings that cling to them.  I am unable to describe what we are with a single word.”

Another yawn escaped Beleg.  “Why are we here?” he asked.

“Sorry, what?”

“Let me rephrase that.  Why did we decide to take up the offer to come live here while the other three sort things out?  Why solitude?  Why this lonely cottage, with only us and a few animals for company?”

“Because you kissed me in Tirion.”  Fingon blushed, yet pretended not to notice.

“Is that all?” 

“Why are you here, with me, then?” asked Fingon.  “What is your answer to your riddle?”

“Because I kissed you in Tirion,” repeated Beleg. 

Fingon snorted.

“Because I love you.”

Fingon swallowed hard.

Beleg waited and then said, “You are not required to say it back.  I know you were hoping for something more with Glorfindel and Erestor.  I have very little hope to see Túrin again, but I still hold onto that hope.  I think for you, with the return of Faelion, whatever hope you had is gone now, and you do not want me to think you are settling for me.  I think we both know we are settling for each other; that said, I know that I would still love you if someone else came along for either or both of us.”

Immediately, Fingon stood up and walked the length of the room to a bookcase that was chest high.  He folded his arms on the top, back to the rest of the rom, and said nothing.

Beleg left Fingon alone for a time.  He cleaned up the glasses from their beverages and let the terrier jump on his lap for a few minutes.  When the dog excused himself, Beleg approached Fingon.  “If I made you uncomfortable, I am sorry.”

“I was just not expecting that.”  Fingon was solemn, his voice soft.  “I have heard those words from so few people in my life.”

“Surely, your parents have said it before, at the very least.”

“