. He’s focused, more so than Laxus has seen him in a long time.

‘More,’ he says rather than asks, seeming a little dazed but also hungry. Laxus still hasn’t pulled back, strangely transfixed by this intense, calm Natsu who’s somehow shifted closer to him without him noticing. He’s beginning to feel a slight drain on his magic, but he lets the younger Dragon Slayer continue eating without even thinking about it. But then Natsu stops and looks up at him. Wide black eyes, entirely too close. Pink hair is almost in his face.

‘Laxus, I want more.’ Natsu licks his lips, a devious grin spreading over them. He stands up on his toes, even now noticeably shorter than the guildmaster’s grandson, and kisses Laxus. Whatever he’d been expecting, this wasn’t it. Natsu kisses greedily and without restraint and he finds himself responding even as muted alarm bells go off in his head. He knows he should probably stop here, while he still has the presence of mind to do so, but this is one battle he doesn’t hate losing. Natsu is stubborn and all but makes the decision for him, pressing himself tightly against Laxus’ body and placing flaming hot lips over his. His magic is being drained vigorously but there’s plenty more where that came from and he stops holding back.

Oi, oi, oi..he thinks to himself. When the hell did Natsu get this good at kissing? There was tongue, slipping expertly between his lips and teeth, not being denied entrance, taste unearthly and unlike anything Laxus has ever known. He had been eating fire and lightning merely seconds ago and it’s still crackling on his tongue a little.

Now he’s getting fired up too. He’s letting his magic pour out freely; he’s kissing Natsu back, but better. He’s not going to just stand there like a loser, he’s not afraid to take action. He’d cooled off lately, his temper reined in by the guild and life experience, but his stubborn and feisty attitude flares up again. He straightens up, towering over the younger Dragon Slayer. Natsu stills, eyes wide and wild, a little startled. There is a pause and each of them has a chance to catch their breath. Laxus grabs him, large hands easily grasping his shoulders and places him against the wall. He thinks Natsu’s legs might have given way because he wobbles a little, his hair sticking up in odd directions and his lips are red and swollen. He looks overwhelmed and absolutely delectable.

“Changed your mind?” he challenges, but Natsu is already grinning back at him.

“You wish!” he reaches forward and pulls Laxus in by the shirt. There is fire and electricity around them and they’ll probably break everything within reach but somehow Laxus finds he doesn’t particularly care. His gramps can complain all he wants about them wrecking the rebuilt Guild hall later, but now his priority is getting his hands all over Natsu’s well-toned body and everything else can go to hell.

The younger Dragon Slayer seems just as eager because he’s begun eating Laxus’ lightning magic again, shuddering with excitement. He rips off Laxus’ shirt, grabbing a fistful of the dark material and pulling hard. Not to be outdone, Laxus peels off the scarf and the jacket off him with little preamble, fingers glancing over the Fairy Tail mark on his right shoulder briefly. 

Natsu’s body is covered with a surprising number of scars and burns for someone with both amazing recuperative powers and a virtual immunity to fire. It’s a reminder of all the battles he’s fought and won and of every bit of strength hiding in his body that he’s worked so hard for and damn, it makes Laxus want him that much more.

He wants to completely overwhelm Natsu, wants to show him a taste of magic more intense than anything he could have imagined. He lets the greedy Salamander consume everything, till the last drop. Natsu’s eyes roll back in pleasure and a distinct moan escapes him.

‘…Fuck,’ Laxus hears himself saying. He’s really feeling the drain now, but it’s worth the effort, he thinks, when he sees Natsu’s eyes glazed over with pleasure, shivering in his grasp and arch back as much as the narrow space allows. He looks completely out of it.

‘Wanna stop?’ it pains him to ask, because he’s horny as fuck.

‘Tch. Don’t underestimate me,’ Natsu bites him, but at the same time his legs give up and he’s left practically pinned to the wall by Laxus’ strength alone. He’s fumbling with the zipper of Laxus’ trousers then and doesn’t waste time, stroking his hard length with a grin on his face.

His hand makes a visible dent in the wall where his fingers dig into it with the effort of holding them both up, but Laxus barely registers it. Natsu’s fingers aren’