was significant. He couldn’t keep this up, against the strange Mokuton wielding plant man of unknown origin. This wasn’t like anything he’d ever fought before, but Kakashi wasn’t an elite of the elite for nothing. Using his left hand to throw out an explosive note, he created some distance between himself and his opponent by going out of the door quickly and then whistled. Before the smoke cleared, his nin-dogs, minus Pakkun and Bull collected in front of him.

“Hold him down for me if you get a chance,” he panted and the pack barked back its’ agreement, launching into attack formation at once. Vines and smoke shot out of the suddenly breached wall, but his dogs dodged them, advancing on the creature. Kakashi took out a kunai with his working hand and channelled lighting chakra through it, before throwing it into the fray. He heard an impact and the vines fell limp onto the scorched and crumbling floor.

“Now!” he commanded his dogs and they gripped onto each of the plan-man’s limbs.

“Just one more...” Kakashi thought, gathering chakra in his left hand this time. His vision was beginning to go blurry, from the continued use of the Sharingan, lightning chakra and the Raikiri. He jumped forward, stabbing the creature once more. It finally stilled and crumpled to the floor lifelessly. The Copy Ninja let out a shaking breath and checked for a pulse. There was nothing, so he covered his Sharingan and turned away, to find his students as fast as possible. If only he had stayed, he would have seen the strange man split in two, the dead white half collapsing in on itself. The black half then devoured it, to every last hair, before beginning to rise up again. Another white creature appeared out of the wall, then another and another. One approached the black half and they merged together, their flesh fusing and transforming anew.

*

Naruto, Sakura and Sasuke were stopped in their tracks by three strange white creatures. Immediately getting in their fighting stances, the Genin were trying their best to keep calm in their first real fight. These were the enemies that had taken down a squad of Chuunin. Sakura’s knees were shaking, but she straightened up, a determined expression on her face.

The three white figures moved towards them, their movements fluid. Naruto breathed in, trying to steady himself, not to rush in, when Sasuke made the choice for him and shot forward, attacking the closest creature with several kunai, which it dodged and extended it’s arm, getting a hold of the Uchiha’s sleeve. Before Naruto could process what was happening, an exact copy of Sasuke stood before them and formed the handseals for Gokakyuu no Jutsu. The three Genin dodged frantically, barely escaping the blazing fireball.

“Don’t let them touch you,” Sasuke grunted, getting to his feet in a defensive stance in front of his cone.

“No shit,” Naruto snorted, jumping up like a spring, just out of the reach of another one of the strange white creatures. Beside him, Sakura almost got caught but managed to chop off her assailant’s arm with a decisive slash of her kunai. Panting heavily, she fell to the ground, her breath shaky and quick.

Naruto needed to create distance between himself and the strange creature, but the only jutsu that might have been useful there that he knew required a water source. If only he could conjure enough water from the air… but that wasn’t an option now. Instead, he tossed half of all the kunai he had in quick progression, just to keep the creatures away. Sasuke was engaged in a taijutsu battle with his doppelganger, not paying much attention to his teammates.

“L-looks like it has all the same abilities as Sasuke-kun!” Sakura exclaimed still somewhat shaken, but more attentive now. Kakashi’s hellish training had paid off after all.

“So… they copy you by touch? We can’t let them get to us. Sakura, do you know any jutsu?” Naruto tried to think frantically, but with the blood pumping loudly in his ears and trying to watch their enemies’ movements, he couldn’t quite concentrate. Calm down, he told himself, but it didn’t really work. Sakura threw a few of her own shuriken in, protecting Naruto just in time.

“We need to take down the Sasuke-clone! Then he can help us with the other two,” the blond said, back to back with Sakura now, both on the defensive. The white creatures were now recovering from their attack and were about to run towards them again.

“Kawarimi with Sasuke,” Sakura told him then, her eyes suddenly bright with determination.

“Are you out of your MIND? That’ll never work, 'tebayo!” Naruto panicked, pushing her sideways to avoid one of the creature’s arm that had shot towards them. “It’s really not that sort of jutsu!”

“Just DO It,” the girl commanded, throwing the rock she’