? I can't just leave him.”

“Why does it have to be you?” Isaac asks, clearly worried for him.

“Because, everyone else in the pack is either a werewolf or a hunter, or a banshee. I'm the only human, and I think he really needs that right now.”

“Stiles...”

Stiles steels himself, and then reaches out a hand to Derek's shoulder. Derek turns around with a snarl, but stops when Stiles shouts, “Stop that!”

Derek actually whines, and presses his nose to Stiles' hand. Stiles grimaces and tries to ignore the blood that smears across it. The important thing is that Derek is focusing on Stiles now, and his snarls have tapered off to a low warning growl. Scott and Isaac are staring at him with a mix of horror and wonder.

“See?”

“Stiles -” Scott tries to walk towards him, and Derek snarls again. He backs up helplessly, his features melting back to human as he tries to look non-threatening.

“Stiles, we can't just leave you here.”

“Yes you can. It's Spring Break, and I already failed my last test, so it's not like there's anything else I was planning on doing over break anyways. I just need you to tell my dad I'm out doing werewolf training or something. And ask Deaton what I'm supposed to do about Derek. Other than talking to him and trying to comfort him, I really have no ideas.”

Scott looks at Derek, who's crouched at Stiles' feet like a dog, still nuzzling his palm. It was obvious that he had no idea how to handle Derek like this, so it was a damn good thing that Stiles had already stepped up to the task. “I...yeah. Yeah, I'll go ask him. Meet you back here when we figure out what to do?”

“Yeah, I don't think I'm going anywhere. Might try to get Derek to wash off somewhere though.”

Isaac's sniffing now, and points off towards the direction Derek came from. “There's running water that way.”

“Thanks.”

“Good luck Stiles. Try not to get eaten.”

Stiles made a face. “We'll be fine. As long as you brought me food.”

“Yeah, it's in the bag. See you in a bit.”

Scott and Isaac take off, and Stiles looks down at Derek with a sigh. “Might as well eat breakfast, huh Derek?”

Derek makes a sort of woofing noise at him, and takes off towards his deer. This was going to be harder than Stiles thought.

xxx

It takes some doing, but he manages to start a fire, convince Derek that he really doesn't want any of the deer Derek had brought back, and sit down and eat his breakfast. Derek keeps whining at him while he eats, but Stiles really doesn't feel like watching Derek eat a deer raw, so he looks out at the forest while he munched on pop tarts, trying not to listen too hard to the sounds Derek makes.

Once Derek has been quiet for a while, and all his pop tarts are gone, Stiles turns around cautiously. Derek is sitting beside a pile of bones, which have been completely picked over, and is now licking the blood off his hands. He is actually a good deal cleaner than Stiles was expecting, except for the gore under his nails that Stiles doesn't want to think about.

“How was your breakfast, Derek?” Stiles is determined to talk to him like he is still a person. He is really hoping that will help bring Derek out of it. That, and companionship, since one of the biggest reasons weres lose themselves is because of loneliness.

Derek looks up at him, his eyes piercing, and still red. They have yet to fade back to his human color, even when his features are mostly human. Stiles wonders if that is a bad sign.

xxx

Trying to get Derek to bathe is an experience, to say the least. Sometimes it seemes like Derek knows what he's saying when Stiles talks to him, but other times he just seems to like the sound of Stiles' voice. Which is a nice change, but so not helpful here.

He'd managed to get to the stream that Isaac had mentioned to him, and to get Derek to go stand in it. He isn't going in, it's freezing. Derek seems to like it though, even if all he does is stand there in the water with a stupid smile on his face. He really likes spending time with Stiles, apparently.

“No, Derek, you have to get under the water. Otherwise you're just getting your shorts wet.”

Derek cocks his head to the side, like he almost understands what Stiles was trying to say. Stiles mimes what he hopes is a passable motion for ducking under water and washing off. “Under the water. Personal hygiene Derek, it'